welcome to the W show we've got a great
show lined up for you guys this week
Nvidia just announced day passes for
GeForce now with one day of their game
streaming service costing you
as as much as $8 for a single day who do
they think they are wait no they they
know who they are they're the like $2
trillion doll okay whatever the point is
uh we're also going to be talking about
the big news that took place just after
the W show ended last week which is the
makers of Yuzu the Nintendo switch
emulator settling with Nintendo shutting
down their emulators and sending shock
waves through the emulation Community
what else we got this week Luke Warner
Bros chuts down Rooster Teeth and D
lists Adult Swim games off of steam and
potentially other places but definitely
steam uh and also we have a we we bought
a CT scanner oh that's crazy it's pretty
cool yeah I mean I'm looking at some of
the stuff it's produced we'll talk about
[Music]
that and that got the most reactions we
should just titled the show like we
bought a CD
SK bot is a strong word
ah the show is brought to you by ag1
Oracle and Squarespace let's jump right
into our headline topic gForce now just
got a pretty significant upgrade it now
wait is this not in the thing uh no okay
well whatever the point is that gForce
now supports variable refresh rate which
I have to confess having not been
briefed on this by anyone at Nvidia or
done any Research into it whatsoever I
have no idea how that would work knowing
that in order for your monitor to know
what refresh rate to run at it talks to
your GPU and the fact that your GPU is
streaming over that their internet um
pretty freaking cool now it sort of
seems like it might have something to do
with nvidia's own drivers because right
now variable refresh rate is limited to
people who are running a relatively
modern envid a GPU so
gtx650 RTX 2000n up which sort of raises
the question why you're paying for
GeForce now in the first place because
you already have a decent GPU but then
hold on that theory gets kind of thrown
in the garbage and uh lit on fire the
second that you realize that on a
Mac you have support for variable
refresh rate on Apple gpus or get this
AMD gpus on the older Intel based Max so
what the heck that would seem to suggest
that Nvidia is just kind of
arbitrarily locking Windows users who
don't have GeForce gpus into fixed
refresh rate operation on GeForce now
then again you know if the uh market
share numbers that I was just looking at
earlier this week or anything to go by
that's basically nobody not matter
nvidia's market share in the discreet
GPU VI space is unbelievable and what's
what's really wild about it right now is
AMD has a pretty competitive lineup if
you're not looking at Ray tracing if
you're not looking at um you know which
most people aren't AI powered frame
generation where they do still have a
significant Advantage people do care
about that they do yeah they that one
the r tracing part uh but if you but if
you mostly care about rasterized gaming
performance traditional gaming
performance performance AMD actually has
a pretty competitive lineup between
their older 6000 series and their newer
7,000 series cards I will say though if
you look at like settings guides for
games everyone's turning that stuff on
these days everybody yep and it kind of
makes sense um anywh who p uh it is now
$10 a month and that gets you a premium
rig with RTX on up to 1080p resolution
up to 60 FPS and up to a 6h hour session
length though you can start a new
session at any time weird well I I get
it I mean just in case you're idling
let's say you were a popular you know
streamer SL YouTuber and were gaming
when your heart unexpectedly stopped
beating well then this way uh GeForce
now or Invidia would not be on the hook
for streaming all that game data over
the course of an entire weekend
sure it's not hypothetical
oh
wow this guy knows I don't it was a
whole thing W um oh boy so anywh who the
point is that oh ultimate is $20 a month
and gets you an RTX 480 rig I'm up to
speed with RTX on up to 4K resolution up
to 120 FPS and 8 Hour session links I
really don't see the 6-hour session
length why is there why is there a
differentiator that big of a problem in
the first place but hey you can game for
eight hours straight with GeForce now
ultimate It's the weird part to me is
that it's only two more hours of course
of course none of this is what I'm upset
about all of that is pretty cool there
are some limitations around the variable
refresh rate support uh I don't believe
it works with multim monitors for
example but overall I think that is
super cool the thing that I'm kind of
butthurt about is their priority day
passes now In fairness to Nvidia okay In
fairness to Nvidia I am not super
supportive of the you know the the the
free
month concept okay give us your credit
card and you get a free
month however I don't think that this is
the solution
a priority question yes would you enable
that for Flo plane if there was trials
on Flow plane yeah you said you're not a
huge fan I'm not sounds
good sorry it's it's well enough
established practice at this point that
I I'm I'm looking at it going as long as
it's very easy to cancel and super
transparent that's our bar uh so when
we're working with sponsors for example
sometimes community members will flag
for us that a service is
difficult to canc whatever else exactly
um and that's where I draw the line
whereas a free trial is a free trial
especially if it gives you very real
access to the service and in our case
this isn't the kind of service that is
effectively useless for the trial period
like you know you look at some services
like here I'll pick on a longtime
sponsor I'll pick on Squarespace
Squarespace their trial exists oh yeah
not so you can actually like have a
website
kind set it up and see if you're
satisfied so you can dink around with it
a little bit and right so so something
like that you know honestly could if we
had a trial period someone could Q
download the entire site if Squarespace
had a if Squarespace had a paid trial I
believe their trial is free so if
Squarespace had a paid trial um you know
I'd be a little annoyed by that let me
let me just see yeah get your get trial
start no credit card required so because
there's this kind of useless during the
trial period they're doing the right
thing and the trial is free so for our
part if we're giving if we're taking
payment information my expectation is
that the service is very unfettered
usable during that time so I don't know
that we would offer a one-month trial
maybe we'd offer a shorter trial but
what I can say is I thinking like a week
or less we probably wouldn't be doing
this for a one day pass for the regular
the regular tier or the priority tier
priority day pass you are going to pay
$4 which I guess is fine except that a
full month is
$10 what exactly is NVIDIA trying to
achieve here with a $4 day okay so
ultimate is going to cost you
$8 compared to
$20 a
month why would anyone in their right
mind pay 40% of the price of an entire
month for one day and again In fairness
to Nvidia I'm not a huge fan of the
whole take your credit card now and then
hope you forget about the subscription
model it's become the standard you know
what would be cool but everyone knows
why they do that and this is something
but why not I mean it's OB it's just who
cares it should be a dollar or $2 this
idea is free and I love this idea
sure what if it contributed towards your
first
month I would be far more okay with that
it's like it's it's a pretty brutal
percentage but if you do subscribe for
the month it's like well I got to try it
now I feel I still feel like it should
be cheaper but I would like it if it
contributed to towards honestly I think
it should just be I would be happier
with a free month trial it shouldn't be
a dollar that's too cheap or just have
me subscribe for the full month and
prate me a partial refund if I'm not
happy with it or something like I just I
just if the idea I just don't really
understand what Nvidia is trying to
achieve here if the idea was to create a
very low barrier of Entry so that I can
try it before I buy it then it should
actually
be the barri they don't want to process
a bunch of $2 payments which is fair
enough but if processing that $2 payment
locks someone into a subscription if it
turns them into a subscribing customer
Mission freaking accomplished and and I
can understand Nvidia not wanting to
just give away GeForce now because it as
we know is extremely expensive for them
to run both in terms of processing like
like actual power and in terms of
bandwidth this is this is a very premium
service even on Nvidia side their costs
are high so I get that they want to
cover the costs and they don't want to
do free trials but this is such a weird
nons solution that I just I'm having a
hard time Imagining the sort of the the
penny pinching that was going on in the
board meeting where they were making
this decision like are they actually
worried that on a one-day pass someone
is going to do you know four six hour
sessions in a row to like to really get
the maximum out of it and so they have
to charge $4 versus a buck or like come
on you guys if the idea is just to get
the credit card which realistically from
a from a marketing standpoint is 90% of
the battle is getting someone to create
an account and enter their credit card
there's a free tier that's worth the few
dollars yeah it's uh it's AB supported
yeah so realistically is it really your
concern that you're going to lose money
on people who want to try priority and
ultimate if you don't charge them
enough
I I I just I can't really I can't really
follow I I I just don't I just don't
really follow yeah we've got people
saying like the four bucks should get
you a week yeah if if $10 is a month I
could totally see $4 being a week and
then and then it's and then at least
we're kind of talking about people kind
of paying approximately the same amount
per time used and we're talking about a
period of time when you could actually
potentially you know when you have a
Bing a game like it's actually
useful where $4 for I don't know I
just I have nothing else to say other
than that I just don't really get it I
think it should be a lower price yeah it
should be it should be a lower price the
day pass idea I actually love I think
that's really cool if we could do a
float plane day pass I'd be I'd be super
into that we haven't built the
mechanisms for trials and for I don't
think it works very well for our service
to be completely honest I mean it could
I don't think un doesn't include
download I think
yeah yeah something like that could work
that might be all right yeah there's
definitely some stuff that uh that we
need to explore in terms of driving
people to float plane we're going to be
trying something new today um we're
going to be doing are we hopefully are
we not doing what uh float plane
exclusive Afterparty oh okay yeah we're
playing Super checks I already forgot
about that that was six minutes
ago
I immediately started to think like some
feature launch or something I was like
oh
no what am I not ready for we're back to
lus Le development
yeah oh man the fear in his eyes yeah I
I legitimately was like what am I not
ready for I don't don't know you
actually looked extremely
frightened ey LED inside oh
man uh all right why don't we jump into
our next thing that we're supposed to do
Dan help me topic number two Luke you
want to pick it sure yeah uh index
finger or
pinky I asked if you want to pick
it why oh really really Luke it's a
little early on the show to go
there twitch is still watching they're
sensitive Virgin Eyes they're not
they're not they haven't been sent to
bed yet um let's do Yuzu
all right let's do Yuzu yeah yeah makers
of Yuzu shut down emulators Telemetry
data worries and other shock waves
through the emulation Community a week
after Nintendo just a week this is like
the craziest part to me a week after
Nintendo filed the lawsuit against
Tropic hay LLC the makers of Yuzu switch
emulation software Tropic Hayes has
agreed to settle the case by paying
Nintendo $2.4 million and ceasing
distribution of the emulator man that
happened fast like that was lightning
fast there is no way that this wasn't
all kind of going on behind the scenes
at that point yeah Yuzu uh some
observers have speculated that the devs
may have settled to avoid discovery
which may have verified claims that the
Yuzu team dumped and shared games
between themselves or helped get switch
games uh up and running on Yuzu before
their official launch date Yuzu
apparently had Telemetry that logged a
lot of information and now that all
devices and hard drives owned by the LLC
are now in the hands of Nintendo leading
to fears that they may take further
action against the emulator's user
base oh boy why did that Telemetry data
need to get logged um as an additional
result of the lawsuit Tropic hay has
also discontinued support of the 3DS
emulator
Citra the discussion has caused a wave
of
chaos yeah there we go uh the decision
has caused a wave of Chaos in the
emulation Community the official Discord
channel of yuzu's competitor ryujinx um
had rujin X okay had to temporarily stop
accepting inv invites in response to the
influx of users from the Yuzu Discord
server a popular Discord server for the
steam deck uh for the time being at
least shut down its entire emulation
channel to prevent potential legal
repercussions the developer of popular
Nintendo DS emulator drastic uh stopped
charging for the soft Ware on the Google
Play Store and intends to pull it down
and open its source a decision made more
Urgent by the Uzu Yuzu
settlement our discussion question is
what will the results of this decision
be and should emulator users and
developers be concerned I mean we are
not legal experts no when it comes to
emulation or anything yep yep I was
going there I was going there so take
all of this as not legal advice these
are yeah but it's been pretty clear for
a long time that emulation is very very
murky legally it's heavily dependent on
the region that you're in on the region
that you are defending yourself against
Everyone likes to thump that emulation
is legal but it's
like some aspects of that are somewhat
proven out some aspects of that are not
as proven out and as we've seen recently
like looking at uh in particular a
high-profile long-standing decision that
was overturned by the US Supreme Court
somewhat recently just because something
has legal precedent for it doesn't
necessarily mean that that can never be
overturned if there is sufficient
pressure on the legal system uh or if
there is a new argument that can be
presented in order to get it changed I
do think that there are probably regions
where it is unlikely that that an
emulation develop would be um at as much
risk but it is very clear that if
especially you pursue any kind of
monetary gain yes through the
development and distribution of any kind
of copyrighted material you are painting
a Target on your back and big one you
are going to be in trouble I think that
what uh drastic is doing is probably a
pretty smart defensive play open
sourcing it and of trying
to trying
to make the target broader and less easy
to go after if it's just an a community
of open- source developers compared to
uh an organization that is clearly
making a significant amount of money I
mean if you have $2.4 million to pay as
a settlement what I would assume is that
that's somewhere near everything they
had
um and that's probably the negotiation
that has taken place over presumably the
weeks or months that have led up to this
announcement and then the subsequent
announcement of the settlement I bet you
Nintendo wanted it to be fast because
shows that scary how fast it happened is
scary oh absolutely and I I I pretty
much guarantee you a pretty significant
part portion of this was wanting to
instill
fear they don't want people to do this
so they they they want to make a example
the thing that sort of baffles me right
now is that Nintendo thinks that that
will be
successful that people will maybe stop
emulating games and emulating their
systems totally will from a from a paid
perspective I think we're going to see a
somewhat Universal death of paid
emulation I don't think so I think we
might see that in some places I mean
you're I think you're you're probably
not considering what's going on in
places like China where you can buy
easily readily available systems that
are completely jammed packed full of
emulators and pirated ROMs so more in
like somewhat legal
Havens yeah and and that's the kind of
thing where that I mean we've seen time
and time again um just basically since
the Inception of the internet you can't
stomp out anything yeah yeah yeah yeah
you'll never completely get it there
Always Somewhere it can hide whether
it's whether it's you know uh online
Black Market places or whether it's we
saw this with wild private servers back
in the day before they made wild classic
they they would just bounce around to
Data Centers oh that one gets whacked
another one comes up it's probably a new
group of people whatever they're still
going to accept payments they got to pay
for servers I mean look we we discussed
this a little while ago this actually
cropped up on the subreddit people were
asking well why why was lionist all
talking about the Pirate Bay like don't
use the Pirate Bay um and it's because
the ownership has changed multiple times
and there's it's not it's legitimately
not what it used to be it is actually
not what it used to be and not run by
the folks that used to run it but what I
can say about it is it's still there I
mean the number of times that the Pirate
Bay and the the power of the entities
who have tried to take down the Pirate
Bay uh the number of times they've shut
it down only for it to crop back up
again yeah is mindboggling um especially
when you consider the the The Limited
financial resources of a a website um
and you know they definitely ran ads
that we know from experience have higher
cpms on them you know advertisers who
won't get you know more legitimate sites
to display their stuff um to be clear we
haven't actually run them we've just
seen offers but uh still still it's it's
a it's finite resources you're going up
against entities that have effectively
infinite resources like the Motion
Picture Association of America or the uh
what's the Raa recording industry
artists Association or something like
that I can't remember what Raa stands
for but these like gigantic American um
media organizations recording industry
Association of America thank you
um but yeah big deal really big deal
yeah I'm I'm I'm worried because I I'm
I'm at the point I'm at a point in my
life now where I really do play pay for
the games I play I I don't me too
legitimately do not remember the last
time I pirated a game I would have been
still living at my parents house I
think maybe not I I don't know either no
probably not Call of Duty
2 okay let's look at Call of Duty 2 no
no I didn't I didn't pirate Call of Duty
2 because by then I was working at NC
and um I got codes that um even if you
did that was
2005 yeah no hold on a second was it COD
2 19 years yeah anyway the point is it's
been a very very long time long time
basically since steam got good I I could
not afford to buy the games at all it
didn't there was there was no like it
wasn't going to make a difference and I
was pirating games and then I could
afford to buy games and I bought games
so as someone who has played Nintendo
games on an emulator and owns every game
that I played I mean look I'm not going
to pretend that I went through the rig
roll of ripping my games yeah and
ripping my BIOS not going to pretend
that you have a a I've got the cart got
a cart yeah got the cart but I don't
want to play on the switch it
sucks and so that's honestly that's my
problem with all of this I'm not even
looking at it like but my free games
like it's not about that it's about I
want to I want to play my games at 60
frames per second that's mahar's take as
well you guys have the same oh really
yeah oh it's hilarious he's just like I
want it to be better yeah and if nintend
if I even gave them I gave them mying
money once for the switch second time
for the switch OLED give me the game
give me a switch to or switch Pro I saw
I saw a rumor I don't know what source
it was from I have no idea The
credibility but I I saw a rumor that
kind of lines up with other rumors about
the upcoming switch replacement that
it's based on I want to say touring it's
already going to be old um where where
they were basically saying yeah the
hardware has pretty much been done for
like 2 years which kind of makes sense
from a from a development standpoint
like if Nintendo's like look we don't
want to rush this we want to have Dev
kits that are basically finished
Hardware so that the games at launch
have years to be developed veled and are
awesome or what like okay I get it I get
it I get it um but
like get but I it's like a seven it's a
seven-year-old console at this point
mobile and it sucked when it came out
yeah just give me something it was weak
at launch
yeah like Nvidia I remember Nvidia
coming to the office at NC and pitching
do you remember nidia's super phones
yeah um yeah I remember that super
phones Nvidia let's see if I can let's
see if I can find any materials oh my
God from Super phones to super computers
what is this what year is this
from uh Nvidia fact sheet uh
191 million tegris shipped what am I
even what am I even looking at here this
is like obviously ancient collateral
2011 let's go okay so Nvidia had this
super phones initiative around their
Tegra chips and the idea was that they
were going to power you know the
computer the PC um or sorry they were
going to power the data center uh your
pocket and everything in between and um
te Terra kind of sucked like on the GPU
side of things it was it was good it was
solid uh but the the CPU was not
competitive at the time and Nvidia
wasn't able to iterate on it fast enough
and get enough design wins to put the
R&D back into it to to get the cycle
going it just never it never
snowballed and a few years later out
came the Nintendo switch with this like
kind of crappy when it was launched
which was years prior mobile chiping it
and it's like
oh
please
anyway yeah this sucks this sucks
because uh my issue is not paying for
games my issue is wanting the games that
I play to be the best possible
experience and Nintendo having no
interest in that whatsoever yeah I mean
even just the fact that you're that
you're save games are locked to the
switch with no way to export them and
the only way to back them up being a
month subscription I've said it once
I'll say it again off Nintendo with
that
I'm not into
it why do I keep giving them
money because Unfortunately they make
good
games yeah they do though yeah they
really do and you know looking at
looking at Sony's move I'm I'm worried
about the console future oh yeah
Microsoft has already telegraphed that
they are just utterly disinterested in
the hardware side of the business they
want to be a a Netflix for games it's
it's all it's all I always forget what
it's called now project xcloud whatever
it's actually called what what what what
is the Xbox streaming service called
Xbox gold or something any any anyway uh
it's all about
um XBox cloud gaming really yeah it's
all it's all about Xbox game streaming
is that what it's called now it's called
something it's all about it's all about
this their streaming service and it's
all about uh game pass the say cloud
gaming sure Xbox cloud gaming uh so it's
all about streaming it's all about Game
Pass it's all about leveraging their
data center expertise to become like a
game gaming company but not necessarily
just sell consoles at you at you know at
cost or or at a loss um and seeing how
heavily they've promoted the Xbox I mean
in terms of price like there were there
were holiday deals last year that were
very very aggressive on the series X and
the series s um and seeing how they've
just kind of evidently thrown in the
towel on sort of making money on the
hardware and they've invested everything
into buying up developers it seems
pretty clear to me that Microsoft's
interest in the hardware side of things
is fading
which I think puts some weight behind
what Microsoft said in their defense of
Sony's accusations that they were buying
up these IPS to make them XBox exclusive
I think I'm at the point now where I
kind of believe them that those games
will come to PlayStation because they're
looking at the cost of developing these
Mega AAA or uh quadruple a games games
the future of gaming and going look if
we don't Target the largest possible
install base we're taking our own foot
and basically turning it into swiss
cheese with a gun right so I I think I
kind of buy it now but here's the thing
Sony seems to be way faster way more
suddenly I guess than I anticipated
coming around to the same
thing what even uh I was talking last
week I think about the the console tier
list video that we have coming where we
were looking at the PS5 going you know
what are the exclusives that you know
cement this console as a as as you know
iconic you know a console for the ages
cuz that was one of our definitions is
like what were the games that defined or
the experiences that defined this
console and if all of its best games are
going to make their way to PC or forbid
and you know Xbox or Nintendo switch 2
or whatever the case may be it's kind of
of hard to defend the PlayStation 5 as a
piece of Hardware that need that needed
to exist at any point and so looking at
both Microsoft and Sony headed the Sega
route hopefully not with the same level
of
disastrous um but heading the Sega route
of being more of a more of a software
company than an actual hardware company
is it possible or or even probable that
Nintendo is the last one standing yeah I
I think that'll be how it goes I don't
know if it'll be soon necessarily I feel
like PlayStation's going to hold out for
a long time I don't think we're actually
that close to PlayStation being done
with consoles
although I like almost feel like it
might be better for
us what if it is if they do if they do
stop making consoles why oh well
because you would need some type of host
device at
home yeah
better for us if they stop making
consoles I don't know I don't know about
that as PC people because it almost
feels like some of the most interesting
games are the ones
where
they like it's it's like you've got this
positive feedback loop where you you
make money selling consoles and you dump
that into games then you make money
selling the games and then you dump that
back into the console and it's like it
it's a it's a it's a
self-reinforcing it's an ecosystem
business model slash like there's
through the through the hardware the
game and the subscription Services it
throws a lot of money into a pot that at
some point if they want that if they
want that machine to keep turning has to
go into developing great
games and it feels like if they just
become software companies well they're
going to have all the same challenges
that the entire rest of the games
industry does where they just need to
count on absolutely crushing it with
software sales every single time and
then funding it unless they want to turn
unless we want every game to just be a
game as a service and even those even
those seem really risky these days I
have this is going to sound very off
topic at but I uh starting next week
we're filming a bunch of things with me
for float plane CU apparently we're
doing like some content with me I don't
know um I'm cooking that chicken finally
uh apparently that'll be probably a very
boring chicken's not the only animal
he's going to be showing you how to cook
wow oh boy uh if people know the context
that's
rough it's okay your mom's probably not
watching yeah I don't know um one of
them is going to be Starfield
review I'm not going to talk about
Starfield at
all my plan is to entirely talk about
the death of like the gaming industry
that we grew up with cuz like
Bethesda is a rotting carcass as of
right now Blizzard's like dead
Activision's like dead Ubisoft is like
dead EA is like dead like all the
biggest in Fair always kind of hated EA
yeah but they used to release
bangers it was annoying cuz we didn't
like the company but like they released
good stuff old school NE for Speed was
sick okay that's fair old old school NE
for Speed was like actually an amazing
game
all right Fair they had other stuff that
was really good as I'll allow
it um but yeah I mean and and like the
yeah the Atari thing I saw people
talking about this online they're like
this pattern started with Atari and
we're just seeing the second stage of it
now the first stage was Atari becoming
you know big and lethargic and failing
and the the good people from it quitting
and forming Activision and now
Activision is big and lethargic and
boring and now people are leaving
Activision studios are leaving
Activision key people are leaving
Activision and they're going off and
Building Things making their own little
companies and we're seeing like the big
slam Omega hits over the last little
while Elden ring balers Gate 3 hell
divers 2 the these none of these are
from the studios you're expecting them
to be from you know speaking of which uh
did you get a chance to try out
stormgate from frost giant Studios
no I haven't played it okay all right
I'm excited too though I didn't pay
enough attention I think they did like a
play test weekend and I didn't play that
weekend yeah these are some ex ex
blizzard devs uh who are making what's
supposed to be what they're trying to
turn into kind of a spiritual successor
to Warcraft 3 Starcraft 2 which are IPS
that
just
uh St Starcraft in particular just feels
like it's rotting oh yeah like just do
anything with that no no here's another
Diablo gotcha game I I think pretty much
everything blizzard has is rotting right
now if I'm being completely honest I
mean Diablo seems to be printing money
is it I think so the mobile game yeah
exactly the desktop game oh well sure
yeah but I mean mobile I
mean when Microsoft completed the
acquisition of the F okay here let let
me back it up the fact that King is even
in the name of Activision Blizzard King
it's
just yeah like it's not like those are
the only gaming companies that they have
either which is interesting to me no but
the fact that King is like up there in
the name of the company was mind-blowing
to me and then and then two the the
revenue share that King has of the
entire of the entire company crazy it's
just yeah and when you look at the
utterly mind d when you look at the
revenue of all the like game series and
titles that we like care about cuz we
grew up with them they like all
suck it's like oh okay I guess I
understand why they're dying but like I
think there's also a reason David David
told me the latest Final Fantasy is
really good yeah this is so this is in
my notes is that Square Enix is like one
of the only ones that's held on like
almost everyone else has totally failed
and square Nick had some dips but
they've recovered every time
yeah but they've also existed for like
ever so they're going to do some dumb
stuff and pretty much every time that
they do like with their launch of their
MMO the original launch of the Final
Fantasy MMO was terrible but then they
were like you know what they really
turned that around we're going to make
it good and they like destroyed the
whole first thing that they had if I
remember correctly they like canceled
the entire thing refunded everybody
rebuilt it came back and then had this
slow successful burn over time and now
it's beloved it's like okay all right
diao Immortal has St stabilized at
anywhere from about uh5 to7 million a
month that's
ridiculous so so Diablo Immortal is
generating on a recurring basis
somewhere in the neighborhood of60 to$
70 million a year
um and that's and that's like well into
its life cycle here this is from
statista and you take these numbers with
the grain of salt that they need to be
taken with um I I don't know exactly
where these one came from but I these
this seems somewhat believable that it
did you know tens of millions of dollars
per month in the first couple of months
so this game is is so far beyond its Roi
Point um and is now into
gravy
territory with that
said games as a service don't have quite
the traditional okay we hit the ROI
point now everything is just gravy uh
that we that you used to because the
development is ongoing but there's no
way that the development is costing them
five to6 million dollar a month a lot of
that is absolutely absolutely gravy um I
was I forget who I was talking to about
this but um it is pretty funny to
me how clearly Nvidia seems to see the
future and how much of their development
seems to be going
into making your old games fun to play
again if you if you look I don't know at
the big picture why does RTX remix exist
it's not like there's any shortage of
new games to play so why would anybody
need to go back and play morrowwind but
like in 8k with ra traced lighting
people love Nostalgia stuff um that's
going to be I I don't think it's cuz
games are getting worse I I actually
have a different opinion on this no no
no no no no I'm not saying it's because
games are getting worse necessarily what
I'm saying is that they are recognizing
that the old model of here comes a
blockbuster game that everyone is going
to play every gamer is going to need or
they're just going to get left behind by
their gaming crew is dead so they can't
count on that to sell gpus
anymore cuz like I I think the two
things you can't just point at balers
Gate 3 and say and say that that proves
the thing or what
the problem now is that I have two sure
Dark Souls hell
divers hell divers is killing it okay is
Hell divers going to sell
gpus uh let's have a look at the hell
divers 2 system requirements shall we
yeah I don't think those are super so
you need a core i7
4790k hey man and a GTX 1050 TI I don't
think you'll necessarily enjoy your
experience with that so my so my but my
point though was that Nvidia can't count
on these AAA games pushing Nvidia sales
that everyone's going to buy to to make
it so that you have to buy an RTX you
know
6969 GT TI whatever last Epoch and po
world are not going to help me counter
Lin they are really not so Nvidia those
are not so Nvidia is investing heav
these are these are not cheap efforts
Nvidia is investing heavily in tools to
make your old ugly games kill your
current GPU yeah but and not in just
like a like a meaningless stupid way in
a some those shots of mowind are
actually insane in a meaningful I would
enjoy this game more playing it this way
kind of way and it's just I don't know
it's I don't remember how we made it
onto this topic of conversation Nei but
it's it's clear that they've identified
that the industry that they grew up in
no longer exists yeah fair enough I just
I think it's I think it's yeah I think
it's a life and death cycle I think
we're seeing new companies rise up I
think we're seeing creative ideas come
out uh like a lot of people looking at
Hell divers and being like why isn't
this Halo like where is Halo Halo
infinite took so long to develop and is
trash like what I like it sort of well I
like things about it yeah it's the game
I play if I'm just like I'm going to
play a game for an hour I've given them
Z for it though so I'm definitely part
of the
problem um wait no no I bought the
campaign I bought it and then didn't
play it yeah it's not good I guess I
contributed I actually like didn't like
it yeah well you played it without me
youle I'll still play it with you if you
want well what it yeah it's like it's
like if your it's like if your if your
if your girlfriend like goes and watches
the movie that you were going to watch
together and then you're like yo WTF
like well I'll watch it again but it
suck you never have any I'll watch it
again but it sucks yeah yeah I'm going
to I'm going to drag you through this
experience you didn't even enjoy happily
complain about
it yeah cuz that's going to make it more
fun for me it might it might be the most
fun part what a
dick oh man um but like it's I don't
know we're looking at this stuff and
just trying to like where where are
these old companies you're looking at
these games that are killing you're
looking at the things that the community
is asking for they're just not making
them
um and it's frustrating you you hear
stories about like how people at at 343
have effectively pitched almost exactly
what hell divers is cuz like if you
think about it Halo already has their
ODST hell jumpers like they literally
have this thing it exists in their
Universe you could make a game around it
um uh and they just didn't so I don't
know Capcom is another company that's
been doing good games I agree isn't
Capcom Japanese again yep yep so there's
a bit of a theme going on there um but
they and they also did this thing though
in my opinion capcom's had some dogs oh
yeah and they're they're recently on a
rise for sure but they they were
definitely mostly forgotten about for a
little while there
all right Dan what's
next what about valve they like don't
make games anymore yeah what what a boat
valve hey we made CS2 and pissed
everybody off I
mean did they I mean what even is CS2 is
CS2 a
game Define game kind of hard to tell at
this point I feel like they just like
didn't want to
maintain
uh go anymore like seriously Define
game it's
Counterstrike but the smokes are cool
okay they're pretty
cool you can Splish Splash in the water
that's pretty
cool yeah see people are no no what
games is chores smoke is cool see this
is this Guys Smoke is pretty cool yeah
this is this is what I'm talking about I
no I'm doing this I'm actually I'm doing
this okay here we go dictionary do
what is your phone doing what's that
charging
oh yep why does it have red light uh
because it has a cool uh it has a cool
multicolored light that you can have it
do different lights for different things
that is such an ancient feature yeah I
know that everyone abandoned yeah well
it's cool the note 9 is it's the phone
that has the all the things um hold on
actually let me double check I think it
has that I've I've never actually tried
to configure it um RGB
uh notification light I think it has one
light colors mean i' be defal yeah it
has that okay so the definition of a
game uh
noun wait what Portal 2 is released in
2011 my
dudes um stop reminding me about the
passage of time an amusement an
amusement or
Pastime so what does
CS2 what does
CS2 anything that any way anything
versus CSG go the smokes are pretty cool
okay so it's an amusement I can look at
the smokes okay CS2 is a game I can look
at the smoke and then I can throw a frag
nade and then I can go oh it all went
away and then it comes back I guess what
I'm trying to say is I don't think they
developed a game with CS2 because the
game already existed it's basically like
it's basically like if you electroni bu
menu if you that's a big one no they
made a market they made a store it's
like if you take chess okay and you
create a Marketplace for different
pieces that you can put on the board
different different board Styles and you
make the board look really pretty nice
en you Haven write this down you haven't
made chess chess is the game you didn't
make it you accessorized it you know it
would be sick oh my goodness okay Apple
Vision Pro app it's a chess app but you
can play it like puts at a table at
chess event so you can like you can like
Magnus Carlson can be beating somebody
up right next to you and you are playing
someone at your table and like when
Magnus Carlson does his thing where he's
like bored cuz he's destroying and he
just looks at other people's games and
evaluates them CU he's waiting for the
other opponent to finally do something
uh he can like look at your game and
that could be the built-in game
evaluation sick Okay I uh really think
that that is a much worse idea than
where I thought you were going with this
I thought you were just I thought where
you were going was just you know
developing a an exciting remember oh do
you remember battle chess I actually I I
I look this up every once in a while I
want a campaign based chess game and it
they just don't exist as far as I can
tell battle chess is sick what is this
this is Battle chess obviously oh my
what he picked oh he has no
arms
it's it's only a a flesh wound though
yeah it's the it's the flesh wound meme
yes oh no what happens now oh okay it's
battle chess what is that don't worry
about it it's battle chess it's a
rook
[Laughter]
what wow that's amazing oh my Bishop man
they got they got God Powers anyway are
those Queens
uh Yes W you can tell from the uh yep
queenly um
yeah oh the Rooks are epic yeah they're
rock
monsters but yeah I want I would love to
have like a wait people FPS chess what
is this a thing what's FPS chess anyway
what I was going to say was basically
you create like a like a chess with you
know microtransactions essentially so
you can buy like skins skins for your
chess FPS chess wait what the heck this
is amazing oh my god of course this is a
thing here we go what you can fly and
stuff hold on hold on here we go here we
go what is this what am I what am I what
am I looking at just wait for it just
wait for it just wait for
it head shot head shot and then wait
Rocket Jump and then they're flying what
what's
happening okay so when you fight for a
for a space
king can not win necessarily maybe I
have no idea I don't want this I just
want a campaign is that a suppressed
sniper
wow Rook wins over the top okay well
that's something that
exists
uh
cool very positive reviews came out in
July of 2022 I don't want I don't want I
I don't want 5D chess with multiverses
and time travel that's that's cool
that's neat that's interesting I just
want a campaign chess
MMO I I think that's just chess.com
I think this legitimately chest Google
on pasant um I know what aant is anyway
we're supposed to do some merch messages
hey guess what we've been talking about
this forever the Hat the Hat okay okay
so remember when we did a poll on Wan
show and we asked the people hold on let
me just uh it's not it's not obvious uh
outwardly which one is which can you
tell from the bands uh you know what
nope no these might wait did they
seriously oh they only okay these are
the same hat uh one is large one is
medium okay the point is
ages ago we asked you guys hey do you
just want like a more
comfortable uh you know USD designed
there's no smarty so it's it's like
super comfy it has a nice size adjuster
oh no smarty yeah no no no smarty has a
has a quite a nice size adjuster and
it's you know just the right depth it's
qual quality hat do you just want like a
quality you know basic hat we're
bringing back you know the basic hat or
do you want an expensive hat that's like
waterproof and made out out of this
super expensive material and you guys
basically voted 5050 so we were like all
right thanks for nothing that's not very
useful and we made
both the LTT hat and the LTT hat Pro now
I saw some really
cool when it was in thumbnail mode I was
going to say like who is that it's
you wow these guys were having way too
much fun Colton rocking the so you can
see the uh the Water beading on there um
so we've got two versions of the Hat
we've got the regular hat and we've got
the LT hat Pro made exclusively for
professional grass touchers uh it's
water resistant for everyday use okay
what's the fabric there it is uh ventile
cotton with Incredible water repellency
repellency Excuse Me By Design got a
whole bunch of information here really
nice Comfort no matter how you wear it
Forward backward one of my requirements
was that it should still be comfortable
even if you wear it sideways like a
complete tool okay look you know
what it matters to me okay it matters to
me that works surprisingly well I just I
I didn't want the uh wait I can okay
please please stop sick beats there look
it totally works please actually stop
everything that we're looking at right
now is not okay got question asking if
it comes in tall tall no medium and
large sorry medium and large
um but the main feature is just that
it's comfortable anyway it's there it's
on the store and you can pick it up this
week and while you're at it you can
leave a merch message the way to
interact with the show is not through
super chats or um whatever they're
called whatever the things on twitchit
Twitch bits or anything like that might
it's merch mess messages because instead
of just throwing money at your screen
you should throw money at your screen
and get quality merchandise in return
and by the way we will also take your
messages they'll go to producer Dan who
will sort through them and either pop
them up on the screen like Anonymous is
here who just scored a knock to Edition
screwdriver or we'll forward them
internally to get you guys an answer
reply to you or even curate them for me
and Luke to address and these days often
Dan as
well uh all you got to do is put
something in your cart and there will be
a little box anytime we're live that
will allow you to leave a merch message
so we're going to show you guys kind of
how that works and oh right there's
another promo for the store uh I didn't
see it on the homepage
but we
are yes we have a promo running on the
Retro
screwdriver all you got to do is add the
Retro Edition okay so retro colorway to
your order and you will get free
shipping for your entire order oh nice
yeah nick uh was like hey we should do a
promo
it's March which is a pretty
traditionally slow time for retail ah
and uh I was
like and then uh we did
it so there it is order a retro
screwdriver get free shipping on your
whole order let's go
all right Dan do you want to show us how
merch messages work I will say one quick
thing before we go on it's actually a
lot nicer with headphones cuz of the no
Bean thing what called yeah well there's
no pressure point like everything else
we do this hat took an embarrassing
amount of time have you noticed how long
we've had no hats on the store oh yeah
that's because we were working on
development of the hat and we were like
well let's not reorder any more these
other hats cuz like we're going to make
a better hat dude eventually yeah yeah
so we're both wearing the regular cotton
one and then the ventile one is like
double the price or whatever because
that material is
like wildly expensive yeah it's 20 bucks
and it's uh 40 bucks and it's just a
really comfortable hat or it's a really
comfortable hat with water resistance
it's up to you uh one thing to note is
that the little like holes are not on
the pro that's the only cosmetic
difference that's why I was so confused
when I was looking at them because I
thought I had one of each I was
gaslighting myself to think that they're
they the the the the one with the
waterproof fabric had a hole on it sorry
I want to be really careful with the
word
waterproof I don't use the word
waterproof from my understanding this is
a waterproof material but it's a word I
just like to avoid because water will
literally cut a path through a mountain
so nothing is waterproof but the the
water what's the point of having a water
resistant one with a hole in it so I was
really confused firefighters don't like
fireproof yeah yeah cuz it's like really
how much fire how long how hot yeah
yeah we can melt basically anything so
like come at me bro yeah so that's why
that's why we had that whole thing with
vessie where uh we changed our talking
points to vessie vessie says they're
waterproof instead of us saying they're
waterproof because I won't say anything
as waterproof In fairness to vessie
they're good good shoes I like them but
nothing is waterproof all right
anyway uh Dan yeah sure sup little large
and Dad so you know those white circle
easy peel tabs on food and stuff why the
actual F do those always rip and make
peeling not easy at all you make
products how could this happen I don't
think I've ever ripped one of those oh
yeah some of them some sometimes like
apples Apple sticker ones yeah sometimes
they're made of paper if you get them
wet so I've made the mistake of washing
an apple before peeling it and what
happens is the paper layer um
delaminates from the adhesive layer and
then getting that adhesive layer off
completely without pulling out the
isopropyl alcohol and like cleaning your
Apple really uh whereas the plastic ones
come off even if you get them wet first
but from my understanding are more
environmentally impactful so hopefully
that answers the question but um the one
that really drives me c
is um the the Ocean Spray crains the
dried cranberries the pack that they
have at
Costco maybe I'm about to reveal that
I'm a complete idiot but as far as I can
tell there's been an error in the
packaging such that if you use the like
pull thing the resealable mechanism for
it doesn't work is it the is it the
Craisins I don't I don't know there's
there's one very like large brand like
large recognizable brand thing that they
carry at CCO where if you use the pull
tab it uh you the the the reeal thing
doesn't work and you have to get out a
knife and you have to like cut it
yourself in your own spot instead of
where the little indent is and I I think
it's the craisin some some people are
agreeing with you so yeah I think you're
right it might be yeah is is it
Crain uh people people are saying yes
they had the line cut underneath the
resalable zipper yeah thanks okay yeah
that has been like that for I kid you
not like five
years and it's it's such a it's such a
simple it's such a the fact that nobody
at Ocean Spray ever bought a
pack of their Craisins and was like this
is stupid is mindblowing to me it is
absolutely mind-blowing to me I mean
I've talked about this on the show where
I think that the president of every car
company should have to drive only cars
that they make they should they should
rotate through them they should have to
drive every single car they make because
how else are you going to get anything
done like the number of if they think it
isn't safe enough they shouldn't make it
and I mean not just that like if if they
come across something that is annoying
and in so many cases costs nothing to
fix literally actually nothing you know
to move a button where you can reach it
more easily or
to whatever it is right the the the fact
that they don't act as their own
harshest
reviewers just grinds my gears so hard
um you know you talk of man and anything
is like this you know like if you are if
you if you run you know public transit
for the city of
Vancouver if you don't ride it at least
once a
month you how could you possibly how
could you possibly even hope to make
decisions that impact the people who do
ride
it yeah ideally if it's only going to be
once a month you should ride it like a
lot that one day shouldn't like get on
one bus you should probably vary
locations and stuff anyway like I use
float
plane every day yeah I use it I
mean uh I had a I had a meeting with
Dennis earlier this week where we were
talking about his uh his like creative
uh creative sponsor spots and uh he
asked me about the ones that we did for
Wicked cushions um at CES and I was like
brother do you think I watched sponsor
spots I whenever I watched like Adam's
video or any of the other host videos i'
I've watched them on Flo plane the
you think this is I'm going to watch on
YouTube like some kind of pleb like no
watch without the sponsor SPS on Flow
plane uh and he's like oh that makes
sense I'm I'm getting called out cuz I
mentioned I don't watch all the LT
videos and I said I watch every day
there's more stuff on there than LT yeah
yeah we're not the only ones just saying
yeah just saying also do watch LTD
videos I just don't watch all of them
you guys release a lot of stuff
sorry so much content man we got some
good stuff coming hey speaking of Nvidia
who we roasted in the first topic of the
show guess who's back back again no way
Nvidia sponsored a video I know right
what it's been hold on I think the last
I think the last time they worked with
us in a non-editorial capacity and even
that seemed begrudging for quite a while
was the launch of the RTX
3090 so that was September of
2020 3 and a half years years
ago in that time in that time from my
understanding um some people have moved
on yeah at Nvidia yeah I well I think
that's not even that's just true well
it's more than just one person who butt
I hurt okay uh so that's not surprised
some people have some people have moved
on or are in positions of lesser
importance um and I wouldn't be
surprised if that controversy
contributed anyway the point is there's
there's there's a new sheriff in town
when it comes to Media engagement and we
actually first I first sat down with
them in June of last year and they were
basically like no no we're different now
we're different now and I was like sure
and they were like no but like you know
we really want to we really want to work
with the media we want to work with you
guys we W
to we want to be good citizens and I was
like sure
and I basically I always feel bad when
this happens because it's not it's not
his fault but I basically tore a strip
out of him I was like look this is
everything that Nvidia has done
wrong
ever how long was this called like I'm
not even this in person this is at compx
oh so I sat down with um I mean I I
don't I don't know I don't know if one
of these people is like publicly
everyone knows what they do but Jacob
was one of them you remember Jacob from
EVGA right so Jacob was there uh we had
someone I truly believe he would try to
do good things oh Jacob's great he's
awesome yeah but anyway so we had so
Jacob was there uh the other guy who's
handing media relations now and I don't
know if his name is public and I don't
want to like out somebody but Jacob's a
public figure so I don't whatever
Jacob's fine so so Jacob was there
someone from our business team was there
I was there and then the the media
relations guy uh from Nvidia was there
and
like Jacob had just made the transition
from EV VGA to Nvidia and so I I I'm not
going to put any words in his mouth cuz
he didn't say much um but it was it it
definitely was an interesting Dynamic
having me from the media side Jacob from
very recently the Nvidia partner side
and the other guy from I'm sure you
brought up things they've done to their
Partners not just media so I basically
laid out everything from Nvidia that
I've seen over the course of my career
that has that has Illustrated that
there's a significant attitude problem
not
just these isolated in instances of of
bad behavior um and he was like okay I'm
going to take all that and uh you know
I'mma work with it and I'm I'm going get
back to you and anyway we we connected
briefly again at CES so this is 6 months
later and 3 months ago and he was like
yeah you know we really want to work
with you guys and you know What In
fairness everything I've heard from Gary
from the lab has been that Nvidia has
been taking feedback like like actually
like really seriously um you know
anytime we're we're finding any any odd
behavior with the product or or bugs or
whatever else um they they seem to the
GeForce team even though I I I I've
talked about actually well these these
things actually kind of go together but
the GeForce team seems to still care a
lot about gaming even if Nvidia as a
company has largely moved on to AI um um
and I I talked about how I I would
actually be really interested to see
Nvidia just split off GeForce yeah as as
a separate entity that can just be
Scrappy and not have to have the same
kinds of margins or else their stock
tanks or whatever else and just focus on
gaming because those guys
are passionate oh yeah they're
passionate yeah so anyway we are um we
are working with Nvidia on a sponsored
video that is going to be upgrading our
worst setup
our worst setup so we had people at the
company submit their this personal rig
setups or work PC setups there are some
you're going to see some stuff personal
setups
no
um not everybody owns a
vacuum apparently
no I don't know that for sure but what I
will say is I didn't see one and I
didn't see evidence of one existing I
feel like this should be two videos any
one should just be reacting and judging
to the systems the point is I was on my
way to that shoot I forget how I got
onto this topic and I was talking to
Dennis about the creative reads and I
hadn't seen uh anything that was on
YouTube because I watch float
plane uh uh one quick thing the uh LT
Pro hat in the pictures has
holes oh okay or it has the circles I
don't know if it actually passes through
but I'm seeing on on multiple people
maybe it does maybe it just does have
holes thin maybe that's the
thing either way it is might a layer of
something under it because those might
be structural it is definitely made of
the water resistant material so make of
that what you will yeah here I'm just
going to look at oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
it has the Hol still okay there you go I
can actually even see through it I
wonder why it has
holes yeah I I can definitely see
through this one yep all right it
definitely has holes but it is made of
the water resistant material all right
uh where was yeah where was I going with
the story about uh oh yeah anyway well
Nvidia nvidia's back so we are they they
are sponsoring a video upgrading our
worst setup and yeah you guys are going
to see some stuff uh
I I you know
I the person who I'm talking about will
know who they are oh no and um are is
going to to watch this I know that for a
fact
so you
know I uh I didn't want to touch
anything when I was
there he going to watch this yeah
they're definitely going to watch this I
think I know who it is don't don't don't
don't don't don't say anything cuz the
video is going to start with us meeting
all of the finalists and then it'll
it'll go from there wow and uh and and
all I know so far is that I have been to
all the finalists setups I have seen all
the setups um but we're going to do
we're going to film um probably on
Tuesday we're going to film announcing
to them who is going to be getting uh
the setup upgrade and then we're going
to do some
stuff
any Elijah ELO everyone's saying it's me
it's not I promise uh I will say this
much it is not Elijah
there it's not
Elijah another merch message yeah hit me
I don't even remember what that question
was stickers
bed basically okay oh yeah right wow
whoa I either have a gift or a problem I
just I'm enabling you to be perfectly
honest it can be both it's okay to be
both can have both many businesses in
the tech sector seem to be aiming to
sell themselves off to a major player is
there any subsection of the market maybe
such as high-end Leisure products that
could avoid that
future I mean as far as I can tell the
point of starting a business is um to
make money what and the best way to make
money is to find some sucker with a lot
of money and take it off their hands for
them that's like how yeah that is the
goal in software is to sell generally I
mean that's the goal in basically
anything that's not mom and pop and I
feel
like I mean I wasn't around when it was
any different but I feel like it wasn't
always like that like the point of
running a business was to serve your
customers and and and make money but but
not make more than you make necessarily
by by just selling to someone else um
but part of it is like it seems to be
driven both ways I've talked about this
before but I have that friend who's a
vet who bought the practice that she
worked at and ended up bidding against a
large
Veterinary acquisition company um and so
it seems to be a push poll right because
on the one hand you've got people whose
goal whose sole goal uh when they
created their business was to sell it
for as much as possible but then you've
also got these acquisition companies who
exist only to acquire other businesses
not to create not to create anything and
you know that can sometimes lead to
really tragic results because someone
who wasn't there and didn't build it
with their sweat Blood and Tears is not
necessarily going I shouldn't say not is
never going to treat something with the
same respect as someone who did and you
see this time in time again uh Warner
Brothers getting into our next topic
here shut down Rooster Teeth Now I want
to kind of preface this with saying I
didn't really consume Rooster Teeth
content
I didn't follow any of the controversies
that have taken place I don't know if
they were resolved and everything was
cool or if they were not resolved so
there could be a myriad of reasons why
Rooster Teeth shut down but what we know
for sure is Warner Brothers has shut him
down at least 150 full-time employees
will lose their jobs um whoa and many of
rooster teeth's existing properties will
either be sold or transferred elsewhere
within its parent company um Warner
Brothers hasn't uh that hasn't been the
only controversial move that Warner
Brothers has made recently uh Warner
Brothers is also delisting an unknown
number of game titles originally
published by another subsidiary Adult
Swim according to several of the games
developers uh Michael M I think this
might be a typo in my doc but anyway the
creator of sound Dodger plus says he
begged his Warner Bros rep to transfer
ownership of the game to him on Steam
rather than remove it since seeing as he
still owned the IP and the game rights
and this is a quote I sent him a link to
steam's transfer page and explained
clearly that it takes literally three
clicks to transfer the ownership to me
he rejected my request so the problem
with this is not that it necessarily
affects the ability of the game to still
be available he can relist it himself
because he owns the rights which is
really great but he loses anyone who
ever wishlisted the game he loses all of
the reviews of the game the historical
reviews of the game um another Dev ow
and Deary uh responded by offering a
free download of his game small radios
big televisions on his website rather
than have it completely
disappear
um so our discussion question is why
would Warner Bros deist these games
rather than just leaving them alone
the only thing that I can possibly guess
tax thing yeah that's one possible
option speaking speaking of uh seamless
transitions into other topics I
definitely have some more to say about
uh tax write-offs and tax deductions
later on the show because anyway a whole
thing this week from the uh from the we
read mean comments video um but that
that's one that's one potential option
another one is they just
uh don't want
to fund development of these and make
sure that they don't have any security
potential liability I yeah I don't know
I don't know I
I it's hard for me to imagine a mindset
where you have something that is as far
as I can tell completely
passive
um requires no input from you whatsoever
and generates any amount of Revenue
however small and just go you know what
I'll just turn that off I just I I can't
I don't get it it doesn't make any sense
to me um does anyone have any additional
context for this float plane chat anyone
I don't think so I also don't think like
I think it's fairly accepted that games
especially single player games like
they're not going to get security
updates past a certain point and kind of
who cares one Dev according to
an um was told that he could relist the
game if he removed everyone in Adult
Swim games from the credits
like
what I uh
weird I don't get it very weird yeah I
don't really get it um I I saw you kind
of I saw you kind of
Googling uh Rooster Teeth did were you
were you checking if their controversies
were resolved or what were you up I
looked that up um they like fired
somebody for something and there's other
stuff but there's been they've they've
existed for so long that there's like
been stuff over the years it seems like
they've mostly resolved it though uh
this is what I was more recently looking
at was oh Adult Swim games okay what are
we looking at here we about Unicorn
Attack one of my
favorites oh okay the the the Rick and
Morty games there's a few of them in
here uh Ricky Morty the virtual game
thingy yeah and pocket
Morty what else are we looking at I
don't recognize I don't recognize most
of these most of these that doesn't mean
that it's okay
and we have no idea exactly had no idea
there was a robot unicorn attack too
being
delisted is it any good I don't
know I don't know if I'll be able to
know
now H I don't see number two on Steam
right now in fact I don't see any Robot
Unicorn Attack on Steam right
now is it already is it already pulled I
don't think I don't know I don't think
the first one was ever on Steam oh okay
this isn't a list of their games that
are on Steam this is just a list of
games well where where do you buy
it uh the first one you didn't buy it
was just a free web game oh okay Robot
Unicorn Attack 2 is on mobile ah so
maybe maybe it's just like a mobile Port
that's not really a two or I I'm not
sure not
sure but yeah that sucks any times
anytime this kind of stuff happens it
sucks um I like physical media physical
media is good now if it's physical media
that just like links you to a thing that
you have to download from then it is
irrelevant it doesn't matter but real
physical media is
good 150 people working for Rooster
Teeth that's a lot it does seem like
kind of a lot how many shows and stuff
did they have I know they have their own
dedicated website so that'll be a chunk
of it
I'm really not sure I I I don't know
what the uh I don't know what the
revenue model
was bought by full screen which in turn
was bought by Otter Media before rooster
te became part of Warner media under
AT&T's ownership in 2022 Discovery
closed the acquisition of Warner media
to form Warner Bros Discovery okay so
it's changed hands a lot up whoa I don't
really know how this works but I went to
uh Rooster Teeth website and clicked on
shows and uh this this is a lot of
stuff oh wow okay so is this stuff that
people are watching loading wow I don't
know how to tell that apparently in
addition to the 150 employees there's
also like tons of contractors and stuff
too that are that are getting the boot
this is so many different
things I know at one point they were
like killing it with their own streaming
service like they were they had like
tens of thousands of subscribers like
monthly subscribers and stuff like that
this is actually just getting to be
ridiculous I'm wondering like how many
episodes all these things
have and is this actually all made by
them like
wow well how old is some of this stuff
click something like yeah what's that
foures when's the last time this got an
update Four Seasons sorry for okay play
latest episode
2016 okay
okay
nice yeah okay oh not a single comment
that's a not a good
indicator well okay uh yeah people are
saying it seems like at some point
Rooster Teeth had the mindset of
greenlighting just about anything and
seeing what sticks uh Arbiter K says if
lmg sells please sell to good people and
not to a Warner Bros type and that I
think brings us full circle back around
to the point that I was trying to make
as I transitioned into this topic that
there is nobody who would buy lmg who
would treat it the way that we did and
it's possible that we could find someone
pretty good I think that the the party
that that made an acquisition offer was
it last year or the year before they
seemed pretty good they were pretty darn
close to what we would be looking for if
if we were to do something like that but
I think as you guys have seen uh we
didn't do that and instead we've made uh
significant reinvestments for the future
and we're we're sticking around whether
you like it or
not so get over it
um something something
taxes or we are we done this topic or no
oh we can talk about taxes sure do you
want to talk about taxes oh there's more
stuff in there isn't never mind yeah we
can talk about taxes all right what's up
so in our line mic are tax right off
basically free actually I think uh I
think they provided these mics I don't
think they're right off at all you have
to break them for them to become a tax
wrof these mic stands are tax wrof um
basically free so just a second can you
can you just relax for a minute here in
the lonus reads mean comments
video
it's
vibrating I ended up going off a little
bit at the end of the video because
Elijah put up not one but many comments
from people talking about how you know
whatever lonus just does whatever he
does because it's a tax write off it's
it's a tax write off y um true and so I
I basically was like okay okay I need a
money
I I I need a money and I got I got a
fake $100 bill I I even said it was fake
in the video the number of people that
didn't realize it was fake how could you
rip that you're so rich you can just rip
money you are not
helping
so I was like okay let's say I made $100
and I ripped it in half to demonstrate
that by the time you pay corporate
income tax personal income tax um and it
doesn't quite work like that because I
don't have to pay both personal income
tax and corporate income tax I either
pay personal income tax and the company
doesn't pay tax on the revenue or I pay
corporate income tax and then pay out a
shareholder dividend that works out
about the same so whatever so by the
time you pay income tax to get it into
my own hands and the various you know
other taxes that we deal with around
here sales tax and whatever uh we're
down to about half by the time I
actually get the money and use it for
anything um and then I explained that if
I use it to buy something say for
example a slate like a video slate then
I spend $50 on that okay now I have a
slate and then I still have to rip the
remainder in half and I get only $25 of
my $100 to actually use and do anything
with
personally most people it seems like
followed along pretty well but one of
the comments was accusing me of using my
pool as a tax write off you
did really okay explain to me yeah this
is not Financial advice mhm how I can
use my pool as a tax wrate off you use
it for work events it's in
videos do you have any
idea how far the CRA would kick my
rectum up into my
body if I tried to write off my pool on
my
taxes used for work events used very
specifically for video multiple videos
really I mean your house could be just
an entire tax right if we've shot videos
in it before yeah we could be making
money you guys are actually behaving
like ignorant viewers right now that's
what you guys are doing right now that's
the goal I hate you so much both of you
I this will maybe make you feel better
uh some people said that you you didn't
say that it was fake and I had people go
look at it you you did say it was fake
yeah confirmed I I know I said it was
fake of course I said it was fake conf
I'm not going to I'm not going to admit
to a felony offense on camera not that
stupid like writing off your pool like
writing off my pool um so I just want to
I just want to I just want to back up a
little bit here the number of people
that think cuz people did point out that
what I said was an
oversimplification lonus you don't have
$50 and taxes or
$25 and taxes you have $25 and a slate
and you paid some taxes and you paid you
paid half as much tax said that I did I
did but what they seem to have a hard
time with is that I do not have a slate
the company does lonus Media Group
Incorporated has a slate which he owns I
don't need a slate though I can't eat a
slate I can't drive a slate I can't swim
in a slate you could definitely drive a
slate so lonus Media Group in corporated
should own the pool in your car
no because and so I will you can rent it
from the company no you set up a
subsidiary Corporation
which you own that rents it from lus
Media Group that then is paid for by lus
Media Group so it's like infinite
money if there was not Financial advice
if there was actually an infinite money
glitch everyone would use it and all of
this is going to vary depending on your
tax jurisdiction but what I can tell you
guys about ours is that no not every
meal I eat is a tax write off no not
everything that I own is a tax write off
that's actually not how it works now I I
will say this for the pool if we were to
use the pool for a shoot okay what I
could do oh yeah like a portion whatever
what I could do is if I were to set up
uh like a like a bus a separate business
entity or or I the person were to were
to H what what's what's it called um if
I were just to operate as like an
independent contractor and I to
reconcile all of this on my my annual
like personal taxes and everything what
I could do is I the owner of the pool
who paid for it with after tax money
could make an invoice for the company
billing the company to rent our pool as
a location for a shoot and then the
company could pay me and then I could
report that income and then I could pay
my income tax on that that is a way that
I could could subsidize the construction
of the
pool but I could no no I could I could
it's possible kind of like how if you uh
if you have a house if you have a house
you can write off part of your your um
either your mortgage or the interest on
your mortgage or like you can write off
part of your house expense office if you
have a certain square footage that you
use as as an office space that's what I
do yeah yes that that's totally legit as
long as you're actually using it for for
work for like a revenue generating
Enterprise you put down a percentage of
how much you used it in a year right but
but
folks no like really
like oh there's some good ideas in
twitch chat though what now what if we
hosted the Afterparty from the
pool twitch do we really need more hot
tub streams okay is that really what you
want yes
oh hot tub super checks how do I get it
hot tub super checks yeah now we're
talking oh my God hot tub Super Chat the
splash goals like after someone scores
the like big splash yeah be hyp dude so
yeah is ignoring us some people seem to
understand that while that was an
oversimplification that is basically how
it works and there's a lot there's a lot
of Regulation
that dictate what I'm allowed to write
off and what I'm not allowed to write
off for example the EV Chargers that we
have here at the office if I install
them in a parking stall that is
designated for my use I cannot expense
those and I cannot participate in any
subsidies what if you did for
Taran
no however if they are for General reuse
of the
employees then oh wait no no hold on
hold on hold on hold on no this one was
separate uh if if if it is for my
personal use then it counts as a taxable
benefit that's right yeah so a taxable
benefit is something that the comp is
something that the company pays for but
that you the employee still have to pay
personal tax on so if I were to as the
business owner install an EV charger in
a stall that only I can use then any
money of the use of that charger and the
electricity use counts as a taxable
benefit for me that I have to declare on
my personal taxes and pay tax on even
though the company never actually gave
me any cash so that's that's the kind of
loophole closing that they do to make it
so that I can't have Luke who makes
$10,000 a year so he only has to pay
like so back to ncx zero income tax
which would be nice and then I just give
him 40 $3,000 a year in Costco gift
cards and $10,000 a year in clex gift
cards wow and $10,000 a year in steam
gift cards wow
right I've got weird priorities anything
that has a cash equivalency he would
have to pay income tax on you can't just
you can't just pay people in gift cards
and vacations and like we figured out
the system we we beat the system whereas
there is a carote here in BC anyway if
we install an EV charger that is for
anyone to use and does not belong to to
any that is not in like a designated
parking stall then nobody has to pay has
to count it as a taxable benefit anyone
can use it and and you just essentially
get to charge for free on the well the
company pays for it but um the company
gets to write off our energy usage
because that's not money we made you
don't pay income tax on money you didn't
make right right so we write off the
taxes and then they don't have to pay
income tax so it's it's optimization but
no one is actually no one is able to
avoid paying taxes outright unless they
are unless you expensive unless you are
doing something very either very clever
or very illegal and so if you were to
say well yeah but lonus could just
expense his car because he he could
write off his car because he shoots
videos with it in it once in a while and
he could write off his pool because they
shoot videos once in a while yeah you
could also walk into a grocery store and
take everything in it you could
but if anyone catches you then it's
going to be a problem unless you live in
California you could not return the
shopping you if you took everything in
it you would exceed the the limit and I
mean that's true yeah yeah groceries are
really expensive that's the whole thing
yeah you probably couldn't even get like
two grocery
carts thanks Luke that's uh life sucks
you know why life sucks cuz we can't
expense our
pools that's why God it's so difficult
being wealthy and
Rich um doc 3269 says at Linus during
the W show you talked about potentially
buying a Samsung the wall Luke said it's
stupid for anyone to pay that much for a
TV and you said it's not going to be
that much because you will make some
videos to subsidize the cost statements
like this make it seem like you're
buying expensive things and using making
videos as a way of subsidizing the cost
I am yeah that's even if I have
to yeah even if I have to pay tax on the
income if I get content out of it I'm
going to make money on the
content that's that's super above board
yeah that's fine the government actually
really wants you to do that yeah if
they're they want more money to move
around cuz when more money moves around
more taxes move around that's like the
whole point of the economy is to buy
things yeah Elijah bro he wouldn't have
bought the 115in TV if he couldn't make
a
video guys
99% of the
tech that I acquire is to make a video
the camera that you are watching this
through the laptop in front of me this
stream deck weird fun fact but his house
was less of a tech
disaster back when we didn't make videos
about it yeah cuz I just it was like
actually fine and everything worked uh
and he even had like you'd have like a
controller die and he'd be like I have a
solution for this I have the the world's
biggest battery charger in 17 anal loops
and we can just immediately solve the
problem and there was like everything
worked all the time and there was
batteries for everything and everything
was fine and then now he makes videos
about it and everything well the problem
is that other people who don't have to
live there work on the videos ah okay I
mean that makes sense and so but so you
wouldn't have to do that if you didn't
do this whole thing but the content's
good so you do it anyways
I do it on purpose I I suffer for you I
uh I I I legitimately love new tech and
I love tinkering around with things and
and it's not like we're not doing things
that I'm approving or or are my idea in
the first place but I
would a lot of what we do is done the
way that we do it because who else would
do it that way I did not need to use
solar panels and server Heat
to augment my pool
heating I
didn't that's stupid you didn't need to
use your pool to cool your server room
no not even a little there's a lot of
other ways to do it I if iier cheaper
way cheaper way easier I could have just
put air conditioning in there in
fact I have air conditioning capacity
for that room I choose not to use it a
because I feel like it's pretty pretty
stupid to air condition in the winter
when you could just move the heat
through much more energy efficient means
okay like you know cool yeah I like it
and and B
because that's
lame when you could put a water cooling
Loop in your server
room
um so yes if you if you have a
conspiracy theory that I do things on
hard mode just because it's hard mode
and because it's more fun that
way you're right I was just going to say
[Laughter]
yeah the amount of times we've been like
here's a video idea it will be a banger
and he's like
ah too easy like oh okay all right oh
man it's great
um oh sponsor oh yeah speaking of uh
speaking of tax right offs let's write
off this message from our sponsor
ag1 no one likes I'm just going to say
everything is right what the what the am
I even watching right now no one likes
swallowing things that they don't find
tasty oh wow like a lot of things wow
that's wow ag1 is an all-in-one
supplement and easy to drink it has 75
different vitamins minerals and
antioxidants and it's made to help you
focus give you a boost of energy and
promote gut health all you need is one
scoop a day a few members here at lmg
have tried or even use ag1 daily Maria
our thumbnail artist who by the way did
an awesome exclusive over on float plane
oh uh you know I'll show it after she's
been drinking ag1 for over a year even
before they partnered with us she likes
to mix it in her smoothie as her
breakfast they have over 37,000 f-star
reviews from people like Maria and a
90-day money B moneyback guarantee so
try ag1 and get a free one-year supply
of vitamin D3 plus K2 and five free ag1
travel packs with your first purchase at
drink a1.com wow we're going to have
that linked down below all right we're
going to take a short break from
sponsors real quick here to promote our
own stuff um oh dang it I clicked the
wrong thing one moment please okay check
this out uh this is a really great
exclusive over on float plane I have
this opened in an extra tab at home but
I haven't actually Maria shares funny
thumbnail drawings by our writers so
she's responsible for what you guys see
uh by the way she's wearing one of my
favorite hoodies right now the dropo
dropo hoodie yeah but we often provide
her with
guidance oh I'm so excited in order to
because a picture's worth a thousand
words right in order to give her some
idea of what exactly it is that we
expect for the final thumbnail so she
did this she did such a great job with
this video of showing our version oh wow
versus what she ultimately creates and I
think probably the worst ones are mine
oh unfortunately wow that's
amazing um except cables on the sides uh
pretty much across the board they're
they're awful I love that one of them
has a triangle mouth and the other one
just has a line
yeah
Moon Riley wow oh man oh it's a phone
okay yeah yeah oh this is for the the
moonshot thing yeah yeah yeah uh
yeah so anywh who
uh wow it's it's really it's really
great she did a great job even more
excited to watch that
y okay sorry uh sponsors uh the show is
also brought to you by Oracle if you're
in London during March you're probably
inside avoiding the rain and leveling up
in Final Fantasy 7 rebirth instead of
leveling up your career what are these
talking points um the free Oracle Dev
live build with data and AI 2-day event
is dedicated to highly technical
developer sessions Hands-On labs and
lightning talks from java day on March
12th to data and AI day on March 13th
you'll learn how to harness data and AI
from Oracle experts across MySQL Java
Oracle database and Cloud native to
register for this free event visit the
link
below okay that is short and sweet and
gives you a pretty good idea of what
what it is that you're signing up for
that's super cool the show is also
brought to you by Squarespace you can
have many looks online but sometimes it
can be hit or miss if you don't have a
professional
stylist this can also happen to your
website if you're trying to build one
from scratch Squarespace is here to save
you from disaster you don't need to have
any design or programming background to
build a website Squarespace is an
all-in-one platform that has a variety
of customizable themes and templates and
with their award-winning Des designer
templates your site can go from lus
Sebastian to alus
Sebastian wow whether you're a local
business a blogger an artist or anyone
Squarespace has you covered all the
templates seamlessly work on mobile
devices as well and if you already have
a website Squarespace can transfer your
domain and improve your online presence
with their marketing and customization
Tools Plus with 24/7 support you'll
never feel alone with your problems so
go to squarespace.com slw and can get
10% off
today all right what would you like to
talk about Mr
Luke yeah yeah all right hit me
down sure do we have to intro them see
what they are more merch messages all
right hit me Dan wow professionals hello
employees of Ivon Umbrella Corporation
with more and more places asking for
Biometrics to log in what happens when a
database of fingerprints gets hacked do
I need new fingers theoretically the
biometric services that you're using
assuming you're talking about your
iPhone for example
theoretically the way that it works is
that the actual fingerprint itself is
not stored on that third party server
it's just um just a value is Created
from that fingerprint and then it
ensures locally on your device that you
are close enough and then it sends an
authentication token that's like yes
you biometrically authenticated and we
made sure that you did that but you're
not actually just shipping your
fingerprint to anyone however there are
exceptions to that for example I applied
to renew my uh my Nexus card uh
yesterday and you very much in a
government database are storing your
actual biometric information so I I
didn't scan my fingerprint into my
computer when I when I signed up for it
but that just reminded me that there are
definitely places where there are
gigantic Treasure troes of real
biometric data yeah government acts are
that brutal and they happen did you do
the retina they have my
retinas nice uh you get new eyes yeah
that's easy I don't think I've done the
retina scan that's for air travel with
us uh Border Services I they definitely
have facial ID for me and they
definitely have fingerprint for me but I
don't think they have anything else man
the number of countries that have my
fingerprints is very unsettling if I
ever decided to be a criminal I would
have to be the kind that takes a takes a
belt sander to the old meat Paws ouch
yeah a thing though yeah a thing
definitely a thing yeah prove I haven't
already now Luke's mind contains my
fingerprints too y or wear gloves look
we don't have a policy on that says gold
can we toofa your fingerprints
please lus isn't allowed to show his you
got unlock your phone pads of his
fingers to the camera anymore oh yeah
there you go uh any updates on the UV
reflective or blocking shirt you
mentioned in the past it might be dead
oh I'm very sorry so what happened was
there was a bit of a
miscommunication um we were not moving
forward with the original supplier for
it due to um things that were not our
fault and while I love the sample shirt
that I have we were we were not able to
reach an agreement on moving forward
with the mass production run so we went
in search of a new supplier for it and
somewhere in there uh my requirements
for the Garment were not fully
communicated and we've got a new
supplier and we've got a new fabric but
while it has the UV blocking properties
of the original Fabric and a very
similar hand feel good stretch
characteristics everything's fine what
it doesn't have is the antimicrobial
properties of the original garment which
was part of what I loved so much about
it so I could just wear this thing to
the beach go out swimming in the
ocean not do anything just dry off and
not stink and not be sunburned it is a
flipping awesome garment
however there are problems with
antimicrobial
clothing um construction techniques you
can put an
antimicrobial uh treatment on it but
realistically that's going to wash off
in 20 washes 30 at most if you're if
you're lucky anything you see advertised
as antimicrobial or in most cases
waterproof it's just it's just a coating
and given that um man what was that like
really good there's a lot of really like
high Scotch Guard doesn't exist anymore
not the way that it used to which is a
good thing because of how many people
like died um it's a whole thing it's a
whole Rabbit Hole Scotch Guard as you
know it on the Shelf today is not Scotch
Guard yeah it was like birth defects and
like a whole thing yeah the point is
that these Coatings are they're they're
they're nonsense they're not they're not
intrinsic to the materials so I don't
feel comfortable advertising them so we
could have done that but we're not going
to do that now there are alternatives
the thing that made the original garment
antimicrobial was that it had uh bamboo
component to the to the fabric itself uh
but what our compliance um what our
compliance person who I don't know if
they're off probation or not and Tatiana
our our materials Specialists have
informed me of is that bamboo even
though theoretically it's a super
renewable resource um
H in most cases the production of
fabrics using bamboo is extremely
environmentally harmful unless they're
in like a closed system that involves
recapture of some kind of something or
other and yes you know cotton is too but
bamboo is apparently horrible bamboo
Fabrics so um they
basically presented that to me and we
like so um you know it's your call and I
was like no bamboo silver is an option
but silver has recently been found
because of the size of the particles to
have potential um detrimental health
effects on the people who wear it so any
silver in the fabric not an option now
that we know what we know about it yeah
I I um gilor in Philipine chat said my
wife is a biochemist PhD and teaches
researches the microbiome don't get
antimicrobial stuff and as far as minor
sing goes yeah that's like a thing cuz
you're you
have as like icky it as as it is you're
covered in it all the time well I me and
there's good
stuff you want to kill the good stuff I
doubt that just from wearing a loose
fitting garment it's not a shirt right
it goes on top well is that right it's
it's it was like a super light hoodie
mhm so it was very loose fitting and
with the amount of body hair that I and
probably a lot of you have realistically
it's not like it's killing everything on
your skin it's more that it's more that
whatever gets off of your skin onto it
is not going to just Fester there right
um so I'm not I'm not I'm not actually
worried about that aspect of it but and
like I don't know I don't know yeah and
people are saying it's almost like
things harmful to microbes are also
harmful to humans I'm not convinced that
bamboo containing fabric is particularly
harmful to humans I seriously doubt it
but I um but yeah basically we're not
we're not doing it uh Marino wool has
strong anti microbial properties as well
but is very expensive to the point where
that garment would be like a $150 Sun
hoodie and like come on what are we even
people already hate we we make cool
Marino W things people like it's really
expensive it's like yeah Marino is
really expensive really expensive I
don't especially when you like I don't
make the rules do cool things with it
because as far as m sing goes it's
difficult to work with so like yeah if
you try to make more complex better
designs it gets more difficult and more
expensive a pretty scary rate I've asked
them if we can do it
um yeah if if if we can if we can do it
if we can find a source for a bamboo
based fabric that does the recapture
thing or whatever I still I still want
to do it but I
um I think it's dead for now but
hey positive side I've got mine
already
I mean it's a write off darn it that
that is why we that is why we develop
things sometimes because it's just a
thing that I
want
epic next up next up I think we last one
last one yeah uh Hey guys I've been
loving my screwdriver have you guys
noticed issues with ddr5 on and
platforms compared to Intel I feel like
it's worse boot times on AMD oh I think
you're talking about the memory training
issues on am5 um I don't consider it to
be a huge problem but the first time
that you boot up an am5 system there can
be a long and I mean long like sometimes
minutes long memory training period
where the system does not indicate in
any meaningful way that it is doing
anything and just sits
there seeming like it's just on but not
outputting anything and doing nothing
and then suddenly Boop it works and then
every time you reboot after that it's
quite a bit faster I'd love for them to
make that better and smoother it would
seem like a more you know mature refined
experience if they did but I don't think
it's the end of the world because I
haven't found overall on a well
optimized bios that subsequent boot
times are really any are really any
worse
so minor problem in my humble
opinion
Dan oh you want you want a fourth merch
message oh yeah sure hit us with one
more okay um what does Luke think were
the best and worst lonus lead
development ideas lonus led development
ideas and can lonus guess what they are
it's been a while I don't even remember
we haven't done like first no matter
what indisputable and if you disagree
with me you're actually wrong one I know
that one for sure what like doing float
plane at all uh okay I didn't go that
far but okay yeah I mean I'm I'm sure
there were some terrible ideas on the
Forum uh remember when we remember when
we launched like a Half Baked
um way of way of getting rid of old like
uh equipment like we we did like
auctions on like live auctions on the
Forum that was something live auctions
yeah remember it was they were live they
were after the L show I thought it was I
thought we just announced it for sale
though I didn't realize it was an
auction
remember we would sit there and we would
like adjust the
pricing we've done some stuff dude I
know we've done some really weird
stuff no live streaming the thing we're
doing right now I really wish we didn't
go down this route um but look at the
float plane people look how happy they
are yeah okay but but we could them how
happy you we could have had a chat some
some love some love in the chat we could
have had a chat that enables when the
live stream is live on other platforms
they would like it better like
this I mean Luke it's just it's a tax
right off
so I think it is my husband is ignoring
my phone call for your show please let
Martin Wen know that his dinner's in the
fridge Randy your
sticks oh man that's an old reference
that is an old
reference
um yeah I don't know there's other stuff
like that Mo most of it's like uh the
the problem was that we were trying to
make a verified actual gamer program
that was lus LE development that was
pretty cool pretty cool I think that's
probably the best one in my opinion that
one was pretty good I'm not against that
I wish we could have gotten more for
wasn't actually for Flo plane no that
was entir FL plane actually had but they
didn't say float plane they just said
best lus development ideas Fair yeah
yeah yeah I really liked that that was a
cool project and I I wish we got more
use out of it but it wasn't a one-off it
was four times I think more even no
there was the text one there was the
picture one yep the game the game was
used multiple times and there was there
was one where it was mixed of tech text
and pictures so we did three before the
game and then the game got at
least the game got two or three plays I
don't remember how many I think two okay
yeah it wasn't that many I do wish the
game got more use I do wish that more
GPU makers had actually yeah cared yeah
about their gpus ending up in the hands
of Gamers at a reasonable price I think
it was pretty clear by the end of it
that the whole thing was kind of lip
service cuz it's not like we did that to
make money we made very little money in
fact by the time you factor in the
development cost we probably lost money
I I'm not going to say we lost money but
we we we also got some rmas there was a
there was a bunch of development time
okay we
probably let's say if you also account
for opportunity costs of that
development time not just
sure yeah then we definitely lost money
but that's not losing money that's
losing opportunity not making other
money so you know I I try to be words
mean what they mean I try to be careful
with them fair for the most part
yeah
what nothing go ahead say it nothing why
don't we talk about our new CT scanner
yeah what is this cool or what it's I
mean the images from it are sick oh this
thing is so cool did anyone put any
information about it did we even name
them aren it you guys uh hold on a
second
G
um Elijah's asking can I scan my head no
it's x-rays you definitely I I think we
should try that
no I mean with the amount of times he's
hit it it's probably just empty
fascinating oh okay so hold on skull
just this endless
void mom says it's my turn with the
brain okay so these are the guys that
we're working with uh Luma field so we
got the Neptune well it looks cool too
CT scanner yeah looks super cool
basically uh what it does is it um at
varying exposure times slash I'm not
sure if the energy level actually varies
but the exposure time definitely varies
um it moves around an object blasts it
with x-rays and spits out an extremely
high fidelity 3D view of whatever object
you put inside it so I believe the one
we have is
the uh
Neptune x-ray vision for engineers yeah
um from talking to Lucas from the lab
who it seems has spent most of the time
with it so far uh the largest object we
can do is about the size of a basketball
so unfortunately it's not big enough for
us to do something like a laptop but we
could do something like a
smartphone um do you have any issues
with like magnetic stuff around it when
it's going or is it the box that's not a
problem apparently the exposure outside
of the box is less than you would
experience by quite a lot than just
sitting on an airplane okay yeah yeah so
it's it's no big deal um oh but that's
not the mag here we go so what you're
saying is it's Elijah headside
seriously no Dan nobody is saying that
Elijah is saying
that if we if we like I
said okay nobody who is allowed to make
those kinds of decisions is saying that
there Mike D says I work at a university
with a whole department dedicated to
studying brain injuries send Elijah my
way could we use that as a tax write
off no they could what no that's not how
any of this works we'll hire a media
consultant a video we'll have them make
a video it' be
advertising I hate you guys we're going
to be in the green for once we can
afford new
microscopes
amazing
we're doing business the funny thing is
you guys are meing a lot of other people
in the comments are going to be meing
because they know how much I get
triggered by this kind of tax right off
but a significant number after I did the
Spiel like a significant amount of the
comment section is still people who
completely do not they don't it's like
they don't want to understand one of the
things is that I think you you are
operating above board but a lot of
people aren't uh and there's like this
whole thing going on right now where
like the IRS was partially defunded in
the states we don't live in the States
but the RS was partially defunded in the
states and apparently a bunch of people
were getting away with like improperly
doing tons of tax writeoffs but maybe
they're going after them now or
something or whatever I don't know sure
um let me put it this way I am not a
small enough fish that I could possibly
hope to get away with that our companies
have been audited all of them multiple
times in the time we've been running
them and if we had if we had anything
even approaching the egregiousness of
trying to write off a home
renovation I would
get like six ways sideways every bad
way the CRA does not around yeah it's a
little different so it's a it's a little
different cuz like I've I've heard
stories from other people in the
industry and other people doing business
stuff in general that are like pretty
crazy in regards to how they deal with
taxes and writeoffs and all this other
type of
stuff it's all
Americans in my experience I think I
think their whole tax code being so
insanely complicated kind of works both
ways there's like no way to do it right
so they can screw you over no matter
what but also there's no way to do it
right
so people are just going to do a lot of
stuff wrong anyways so like I I don't
know I think it's bad on both ends
pretty much but I mean I don't know
because I don't have to deal with
them oh man I'm so annoyed Dan yeah
confirmed we have to use that one app um
we cannot use a different one and that's
very very annoying yeah look what
seriously this is new I think so
sorry where did this whole can we deal
with this on M conversation even start
uh cuz I was logging into my work
account before the show and it told me I
have one more warning before I must use
this and then I used up my one which
work account well this
one uh the maker of this
tool yeah
yeah yeah so this so I'm can I type can
we yeah I mean we'll talk about we can
do with this Monday but okay so is there
is there no other option for the app for
this uh no well that's stupid yeah and
I'm very unhappy about it I have to have
an entirely separate app just for this
one stupid
login
okay hate app blo I don't like extra
apps I think I kind of like this
actually explain
I don't know if I can right now but I
think I kind of like
this I'm interested we'll talk later
well I think you know which side of this
battle I want to win right and there's
reasons why this one is currently
winning but I don't want that one to win
I want the other one to
win yeah so stuff like this is great for
me cuz my team's losing and after all
that I don't have access to the
SharePoint share that Lucas sent to me
why do you why is it on SharePoint I
don't know I'm just trying to click a
link in the dock Luke it's not supposed
to be SharePoint computers it took me
this long to click a link in the dock
he's supposed to be using Google Drive
okay well is somebody using SharePoint
yeah do I have to break fingers yeah oh
my God actually like you should make a
note for Monday I don't even have a I
don't even have it there was a prompt to
request access to it and I'm not getting
a prompt anymore that's cuz it's
SharePoint I'm not even getting a prompt
I am so upset right now I'm sending a
scheduled message to this person and um
it's just all capitals I'm coming for
your fingers no you can't no you can't
do
that I will ask Ariana to tell me where
they live and just go there after
wano you guys can't do
that I don't even think you can joke
about that I think the gas for that trip
is a tax right off there you go I'll use
the company car and then the overtime
well the thing is that you will have one
less employee to pay so I'm like I'm
like saving your money it'll be two yeah
cuz I'll be in
jail double tax right up that's not a
tax rate off oh yeah that's just being
business savvy and saving your money
yeah which might be a tax rate
off if you think about it anyway uh I
can't show you the scan of the Mouse
because it is in SharePoint and I don't
have access to it but this is the inside
of that promotional dbrand Rubik's
Cube how cool is
that so you're seeing like the uh uh the
magnets for aligning it or something
like that and then you're seeing the
internal gear mechanism for rotating it
around H Luke Rubik's Cube oh yeah that
picture is sick really like that one
super cool
uh here we go here we go here's a noctua
Edition LTD screwdriver on an overnight
so this is a 12-hour scan the longer you
go uh the more detail you can get so
here it is pretty sick and there's
there's things that we can refine
there's things that we can fine-tune uh
one of the things that we agreed to was
that for the first 3 months uh anything
that we're going to publish in a video
we would send it to them to make sure
that like everything was set correctly
because this is a this is a real tool
it's a professional tool you can there's
a lot of parameters that you can adjust
but oh my gosh how cool is that that's
it that's the ratchet mechanism there's
the bit storage that's pretty sweet
absolutely love it uh oh my God ah I
mean dang it
um uh maybe hold on I really want to
show you guys
uh okay I hate this but I'm downloading
a file from teams then I'm going to have
to upload it to drive then I'm going to
have to open it on there because I'm not
logged into teams on this for what are
probably fairly obvious reasons what if
you just have them send it to that
email at this point I can email it to
myself faster than I can have someone
else send me the stupid thing so I'm
just going to do it myself sounds good
um Okay I hold on I now I got to reply
love coordinating stuff like this on the
yes thanks
okay uh anyway that's the internals oh
here's a metal 3D printed key cap
scanned for 80 minutes pretty cool as
well guys how freaking cool is this and
it's grain in there it's apparently
super accurate like super accurate like
to within 0.1 somethings I can't
remember what they are but they're small
um really excited about this man the
options are endless and what would you
guys like to see us use it for oh my God
we're not doing tax write off shirts
could you tax write
off the
shirt What If you hired a consultant to
do the
design I mean yeah we can write that
off very
wise but we we will help you
business we're going to be a business
Factory together will become a real
company is this what my mom always says
get a real job can we have is this a
real job now can we talk about the cool
CT scanner
now okay can we talk can we talk about
the cool Luma field CT scanner that is
really cool what's what's your favorite
thing they're letting us use that what
what's your favorite thing you scanned
um like is Rubik Cube your your favorite
one so far well I don't know it might be
the mouse but I haven't seen it yet did
you write off the Rubik's
Cube no
that's what are you even talking about
you're not even trying to make it kind
of make sense anymore what do you mean
it's a it's a prop it's prop it was
probably on one of the shelves in one of
the backgrounds of one of the videos I'm
I'm suspecting someone didn't bring the
Rubik's Cube from home look I'm going be
honest with you
here the Rubik's Cube I I I didn't pay
for it at all dbrand sent it and it
doesn't even no offense dbrand but it's
worthless we I I don't think we declared
it I don't even know where it is I I
don't I don't care I don't care about
that Rubik's Cube I don't bother to
build the company when we use my house
as a location it's not it doesn't it
doesn't register
Luke I don't care about the Rubik's
Cube I hate you guys so much the
screwdriver
though screwdriver looks really cool it
does actually the the whatever how
12-hour scan one is pretty wicked yeah
uh okay how it picked up the knurling
and stuff is
pretty cool okay here it is here's Mouse
one. MP4
finally flipping so wait what's
happening on the right right now not
sure let me move you guys sounds like
something a big nerd would
know oh it's moving it's moving yeah
it's like going through it so the the
left is like the final image and the
right is I think so how it's like
building the the slices yeah freaking
cool man that's pretty wild freaking
cool where are the okay I see at the
bottom there that makes sense so we can
like we can see the internal Trace
layout of a PCB potentially not on
anything super complex in all likelihood
but on something relatively simple like
a mouse yeah so the switches are so
small
small small
boys or as I call them L of siiz
boys uh okay what are we supposed to be
talking about now
Samsung Samsung Samsung Samsung okay
they doing some of the coolest display
development right now Quantum do OLED
technology is amazing we did a sponsored
video for them around the time of CES
for Samsung display which by the way is
not the same thing as Samsung
Electronics so we worked with Samsung
display we hung out with those guys a
little bit at CES I shouldn't say hung
out we went to their Booth we went to
their booth at CES
um I I I genuinely like I would have
been happy to make that video without a
sponsorship check I don't even care I
love this Tech it's so cool cue OLED
amazing Samsung Electronics what are you
doing bud they announced their upcoming
OLED TV lineup but for unknown reasons
the company has apparently chosen not to
State whether a given television uses a
Quantum do OLED panel the kind that
Samsung display makes or a w OLED panel
the kind that LG display
makes while all of Samsung's high-end
s95 C TVs will be QD OLED its mid-range
s90d series will apparently be sometimes
QD OED and sometimes
wed Samsung has previously heavily
advocated for Quantum dots both for
color period and for avoiding Burnin
which appear to be very legitimate
advantages of their
technology but according to Korean media
Outlet the elect Samsung has decided not
to explicitly advertise their TVs as QD
OLED due to a request from LG display
not to position white OLED as inferior
to QD OLED what the actual is going
on I put this in as a topic because I
get so flipping upset every time a brand
obfuscates the underlying technology of
what's being used with a deceptive
naming scheme and we've seen this time
and time again remember when
um okay very recently
AMD not very recently on an ongoing
basis AMD has created a different um
numbering scheme for their mobile
processors compared to their desktop
processors so that you can't compare
across
generations and know what exact um so
sorry excuse me so you can't look at
both of them and know what generation of
Zen architecture they're using even
though traditionally the model number
has gone up to correspond with a move
from Zen to Zen plus to Zen 2 to Zen 3
to
zen4 and I'm trying to think of some
other really good examples of this I
mean Nvidia some gpus where you might
get uh one architecture you might get
another one and the performance
characteristics can be different across
them uh we've seen
from
um man I'm trying to I'm trying to think
now I'm pretty sure Intel has pulled
this nonsense at some point or another
where at the low end they were using uh
like a previous architecture even though
it had the same like family name uh in
The Branding like the same generational
branding and I just
it drives me absolutely crazy
because I I don't have to I like I don't
imagine right I don't imagine for a
second that when I buy the low-end
product I'm getting exactly the same
thing as the high-end one I mean sure if
I buy the you know whatever 90 instead
of the 95 I might be getting lower-end
processing I might not be getting as
many uh HDMI inputs uh I it might not be
available with the same degree of
anti-glare coding technology or whatever
ever but if I'm buying this generation
of product my expectation is that I'm
getting the low-end version of that not
that I'm getting a completely fuing
different thing and I don't think that
that's an unfair expectation I think
that that should be a baseline
expectation yeah that's all I have to
say about that yeah discussion question
is if customers are getting an equally
good product does it matter that they
don't know or understand the difference
between two products that are being sold
is the same thing that's the thing they
are getting an also good product wed has
advantages when we're talking pure
brightness okay W OLED can achieve
higher highs especially on white and you
know what a lot of your specular
highlights a lot of your pinpoint stars
or you know whatever A lot of the things
that are really bright in the scene
happen to be white and so they can
achieve really fire like the really
bright points of it might be white they
can achieve really amazing performance
in HDR which is how we're evaluating the
latest generation of displays because
they're all going to do a great job of
SDR anyway so we want to see how well
they do in HDR also LG's own TV so again
LG display LG Electronics not the same
thing but LG Electronics displays as we
saw when we checked out that Flander
scientific display can do a great job
even though they have a you know
inferior panel technology when it comes
to color brightness cuz that's the thing
that CUA does so well is when you're
talking about the brightest possible
representation of a Pure Color QD OLED
is superior to W OLED because it's not
washed out by that white sub pixel when
it's trying to achieve that level of
brightness it red is just the red
subpixel going full more baby not red
with some some a little bit of white in
there just sneak a little bit of white
in there trying to mix things and so
it's not about Superior or inferior even
necessarily it's about understanding
what the I'm buying and my
understanding when I was buying a
Samsung TV was I was getting if it was
OLED I was getting cue OLED and Samsung
has marketed it really heavily so for
for them to do this about face so that
they can you know not make their W Leed
panel based TVs look too bad is really
frustrating like by all means have wed
panels but just tell me that's what it
is and Market it as such because they're
not the same thing
creating confusion so that it B it
basically amounts to creating confusion
it's intentional it's not like this is
accidental oopsy day like at this point
why did you even make white OLED well
because LG display if they stop running
the Fabs is basically like LA hooped and
so if I had to guess I would say it's
because LG display needs to sell
panels Samsung Electronics moves a lot
of TVs and so they've done a deal to
move LG panels and as part of that
business Arrangement this this kind of
makes sense it's a combination of of
what's being reported here which is that
LG has asked hey respectfully if you're
going to buy our product don't take a
biging dump on it in your marketing
right so part of it is that and another
part of it is that from Samsung
electronics's standpoint there sitting
here going
hm well if we just Market everything
OLED as OLED and we're getting a deal
from uh life's desperate over
there hey LG has spent the last eight
years hyping OLED why don't we just stop
talking about the differences in the
different kinds of OLED and we can take
these discount OLED panels position them
you know right alongside ours charge a
premium price for the display and thing
no one's the wiser so there's so Samsung
Electronics has their own incentive for
not
positioning QD OLED as that much better
than wed because you got to understand
Samsung display Samsung Electronics yes
they are definitely related and they
definitely you know co- benefit each
other but Samsung Electronics has to buy
panels from Samsung display and it's in
their best interest to take as much of
the margin of that finished prodct away
from Samsung display and into Samsung
Electronics because that makes them look
good M and they don't ultimately care
nearly as much about how Samsung display
looks so if they can use LG display to
put pressure on Samsung display so that
they can get better deals across the
board they're going to do that
regardless of whether LG Pye asks them
not to make wed look bad so it's a whole
complicated Dynamic at play here but at
the end of the day it's all about making
money and none of it is about helping
consumers understand what the
they're buying and that's what I don't
like
there and none of this is a tax
write-off stop although there are plenty
of tax incentives and tax writeoffs in
the operation of their businesses I'm
sure I'm sure lots yeah I mean
especially in South Korea like the whole
you know the government and the big
companies things well it's something it
sure is speaking of something Microsoft
suddenly drops Windows 11's Android app
support on March 5th Microsoft
unexpectedly announced that next year it
would be ending support of the uh
Windows subsystem for Android which
allows Android apps to be used on
Windows 11 the next day the windows
subsystem was no longer available for
download the feature debuted in 2022 but
it always lacked formal access to the
Google Play store which was the whole
issue to be clear meaning that users
typically relied on the Amazon App Store
uh while Microsoft has not stated the
reason for the decision it's broadly
expected to be a result of low usage
levels particularly due to Microsoft no
longer producing consumer focused
tablets discussion question is Microsoft
right to drop this feature or should
they simply have invested more into
making it popular uh I have an
alternative weird Theory uh which is
that they might be trying to get their
own uh Android App Store going but
actually now that I think about it
that's a bad Theory so I take it back um
I think it's just low usage um
supporting features that no one sucks or
no one uses sucks uh you have devs
working on this thing and and a lot of
developers want to work on something
that people actually use um so you you
might have like a literal morale issue
if you get people to focus on using this
or maintaining this thing that people
don't utilize anyways um and that sucks
and then just like why are you wasting
your time supporting this thing that is
mostly supporting
Amazon anyways um and no one's
using I just couldn't find a real reason
to use it we wanted to make a video
about it I was either earlier this year
or sometime last year if it had access
to the Google Play Store it would be
sick but it shouldn't matter anyway
because couldn't you just use an APK
anyway not everything has those
available um every time I've looked for
one I've been able to find one but like
I'm not are you sure it's not something
I've done often yeah there's just like
APK repository sites and some of them
seem but not advice uh some of them have
seemed reasonably trustworthy and I've
downloaded things from them and not had
any problems yeah I don't know if most
people want to do that though like I
think your install base of people doing
that can be really low yeah that's
fair yeah I just I just couldn't find I
couldn't find any reason to use it
compared to apps that are read available
on Windows already or phone
link yeah that too someone mentioned
that in FL play chat I didn't think of
that myself but it's a it's a good
argument I just I don't know anyone that
uses it if if it had access to Google
Play Store I would probably use it um
but I don't want to use the Amazon store
that's a whole different Rabbit Hole
though um speaking of things being
disabled Roku disables TVs until users
accept new terms involving forced
arbitration and worse what the heck
this week many users found themselves
unable to access the Roku TVs unless
they accepted new dispute resolution
terms roku's terms have had a forced
arbitration clause for some time but the
company quietly changed its terms as of
February the 20th to require a further
step of informal dispute resolution
where anyone with a legal complaint must
first call and discuss the issue with
roku's lawyers even before seeking
formal
arbitration users will likely only have
a narrow window of time to opt out of
the new terms which Roku requires to be
sent to them via snail
mail
huh uh discussion question is how much
does intentional inconvenience prevent
people from exercising their rights how
can you in my the TV in my
opinion this is just waiting for a
challenge
this is just waiting for a class action
I hope they get dunked on this is crazy
they're basically they're basically
going up you know at a at a at a
baseball game you know they're they're
in the crowd they're they're they're
pulling down their trousers you know
they're they're calling they're calling
the pitcher's name and they're pulling
down their pants they're turning around
they're going take a shot come
on I think they're going to get 100 mph
fastball up the
butt where is that from is that from
something do you just make that up I
mean it's from you know baseball you
just I'm sure someone's pulled down
their pants at a baseball game
once do you just do you just think of
these things while you go get snacks
look a bird got killed by Randy Johnson
there's no way no one's ever pulled down
their pants at a baseball game those
things being related is amazing I just
no I just mean that the odds the odds
are love that
that you know I you know planes kill
birds all the time yeah there's probably
someone who has pants themselves in the
middle of an aisle on a plane it's
probably happened yeah exactly yeah it
to makes sense it totally makes sense
you've seen that clip of Randy Johnson
hitting the bird right kind of crazy
incredible I thought it was fake like
for years I'm like oh no that like
actually happened that's unbelievable
pretty
wild there is baseball in Canada it just
sucks it's called basketball up here
it's not stop it sorry
basketball man that's the kind of movie
that I would not want to go back and
rewatch as not uh you know 14-year-old
yeah it's probably terrible probably
doesn't hold up that well
yeah I remember it fondly but uh me too
and everything I remember I will not go
back and watch it yeah is probably it
would not convince me to rewatch it yeah
yeah I
mean hey it's one of those ones where
there's a big difference between what
professional film critics thought and
what the audience thought I often like
those
movies
yeah what just happened what even is
this
website yep that's uh I mean that tells
you everything you need to know yeah the
fact that he's holding two of those and
where he's holding them yep yep anyway
yep nice nice
H okay what are we supposed to be
talking about Nikon buys Red yeah I know
Red digital cinema what see you later
acquired by Nikon is this a good thing
do we like this I I think we just don't
care I think no one really cares about
red anymore and so yeah it's one of
those things that's sort of noteworthy
because it's like oh yeah I remember red
you know when they were making waves and
big films we're using RED cameras and
then like prominent online creators were
like cool you know RED
cameras how many a how many KS how many
KS can you make and then team crispy red
just didn't do anything for a long
time
and completely faded from relevance
remember the red phone I know right
completely faded from relevance
and I just kind of forgot they existed
like Sony is complet eaten the sort of
low-end filmmaker space uh Ari never
really seems to have regarded red as
anything other than a minor
inconvenience
um who else exists exactly by the way
Mike D pH said July 16th 1990 Steve
Lions of the Chicago White Socks pulled
down his pants after making it to first
base he's lucky he didn't get a a
baseball in there yeah you never
know oh man oh come on black magic I
think black magic is more interested in
the ecosystem than cameras these days
yeah and like doing like their green
screen stuff is so cool yeah that was an
acquisition the the one that we have
upstairs that's so cool so cool my
goodness that's cool yeah Hardware
accelerated baby although I got to
imagine the next level of that is going
to be AI accelerated and it's going to
absolutely blow your brain stem away
yeah
probably Canon apparently does Cinema
cameras too oh all right shows you what
I know imagine just being able to the
show literally shot on c200s I totally
forgot about them they the Sony's
killing it man what cameras can we put
somewhere not feel sad about
um uh I have a
c00 yeah that's not great those were we
used those for a
while
yeah uh um Linux hits an all-time
high according to research firm star
counter Linux has reached a historic
4.03% of desktop os's worldwide don't
crap on that 4% is a freaking lot oh
it's it's more than ever a lot of
desktops yeah uh not including Chrome OS
by the way which I thought that was it
when I first read this I was like it's
Chrome OS no Chrome OS accounts for
another
2.31% Linux also shows strong upward
momentum having only passed 3% of global
market share in June of
2023 that's actually massive momentum
that's crazy much of the recent growth
in Linux comes from adoption overseas
such as in India where Linux is the
second most popular desktop OS after
windows with over
15% market share in comparison Linux has
a
3.85% desktop share in the
US wow pretty cool wow
15% it's huge now what I'd like to know
and I I don't know if this is addressed
in any of the coverage ARS Technica did
a good article about it um I don't know
if this is addressed in any of the
coverage but what I would like to know
is are they counting something like a
steam deck yeah there's a note here
asking essentially the same thing I
suspect
they would be they might be but because
apparently the dat collected from web
traffic so I think it would be so then
it's also possible that steam decks
would be massively undercounted because
the steam deck is first and foremost a
game console it's a it's a console
everything about it is designed to be a
console to the greatest degree that
valve was able to achieve that from the
instant wake to the uh Power
optimization it it's it's yeah you can
plug it into a doc you put a keyboard
mouse a lot of people aren't going to do
that they're just going to they're just
going to game they're just going to do
nothing but run Steam and and game and
they're not going to visit they're not
going to browse the web with it um so in
my mind this number is probably
underrepresented now you could make the
same Arguments for other operating
systems uh you know oh well on this kind
of you on POS terminals that run Windows
of which there are millions worldwide
you know they don't browse the web on
those sure sure sure fine enough that's
fair enough but given how small the
Linux number is and given how many steam
decks I suspect that valve is selling I
think I think it would be a significant
impact compared to windows at the same
time I think it might actually be the
other way around because this is arguing
desktop os's so if that's the case then
steam deck involvement at all I think is
almost
cheating no because desktop OS includes
laptops they can't tell the
difference so if you're going to include
one mobile device you got to include a
different mobile device I don't know I
don't consider the Ste I consider the
steam deck a computer I know I just said
it's a console but I also argue that the
PS5 is a computer so I'm standing behind
switch a computer
no it's yes but it doesn't have any kind
of general purpose utility steam deck
does steam does it's a computer
yeah I think that's probably fair enough
I'm trying to pick it apart but I think
it's fair like I I like I I it's on the
edge we made a very similar argument
once the once the
um switch is basically a cal once you
could once you could put the Xbox in Dev
mode and install you know emulators on
it and a browser and whatever it's okay
it's it's just a computer now yeah like
if you plug the right things into it you
can literally run uh Jaden used a steam
deck as his development computer at work
for a while cuz we didn't have a PC for
him so it was temporary
and he actually kind of liked it and it
worked fine so like yeah I think the
argument's
fine it's exciting yeah it's cool it's
good is it time again no not yet I
wonder Ste be too early valve where is
Steam OS yeah come on man let us run
another computer especially with um all
these like hyperinvasive anti-cheats
which are like the only way forward
because there's a unprecedented insane
amount of people cheating in multiplayer
games right now um I like
would we're talking about how the
console's dying I think gaming device is
going to be a thing though so I think
you like might legitimately not want to
do all the things you do on a computer
on your gaming computer if you're
playing a bunch of games that have these
hyper invasive kernel level anti
cheats so like there's some idea
there P software has opinions on Colonel
level anti-che
yeah I
know man how do we fix cheating in games
the way that they are right
now you can't fix it at an OS level you
can't fix it at a game level you can't
fix it can't fix it at a driver level
you just can't fix it ban video games
can you fix it at a hardware level in my
opinion you have to fix
it and you still won't be able to fix it
you have to try to alleviate it this is
this is why I push so hard with tarov
which they're never going to do it um
but this is why I push so hard for them
to have the replay system yeah um
because like people used to love love
love love the uh whatever it was called
system OverWatch watch system for
Counterstrike where reported users would
go into this OverWatch queue and users
in good standing could review the
OverWatch queue and then like basically
vote on what they thought it was and
they would show it to a bunch of
different people to get like a vote on
if this person was cheating or not um
people liked it so much that
Counter-Strike creators would just
stream themselves going through the
OverWatch queue because it was
interesting um and I I actually think it
helped very significantly because
they're never going to be able to detect
everything it's just not going to happen
tell me
this if a game developer was willing to
implement support for
it so by support for it I mean locked
off servers where only people who have
this device can participate would you
buy a device that is essentially a
camera and a piece of software that
monitors the screen that uses Machine
Vision to track your actions on your
peripherals and track hold on hold on
just I'm wait I'm waiting locally
locally tracks what's happening on your
peripherals and locally tracks what's
happening on your screen and ensures
that they correspond it's not enough why
not in tarov people
cheat this one's very debatable how much
it's use but a lot of people think it's
a lot and like if you remember goat's
video he was only detecting people that
were doing this style of cheating where
it's a cheat that's on your screen they
can see through walls they can see
wireframes through walls all that type
of stuff there's another form of
cheating and this form of cheating is in
multiple games where you have an
external computer so you have a yeah
what is
it dma device direct memory access
device you go to an external computer
and then you can see people on the other
comp
computer so you're talking about your
own screen some people cheat within a
completely external screen no that's
true but yeah I guess that wouldn't help
because then everything would still
correspond and unless it's watching your
eyes Okay so next eye tracking is next
level now you're not allowed looking at
a spare monitor though um well you're
not allowed to basically you would still
be able to do some stuff like you'd be
able to stop moving look at something
else MIM that you're doing something no
you wouldn't because you're just looking
at something else you you'd be able to
take your mouse off your your hand off
your mouse and pretend you're looking at
your phone over here for a little bit
and then you'd be able to go back to
your thing but that would put you at a
significant competitive disadvantage in
a lot of games if you if you actually so
you okay so it theoretically remember
guys this is a theoretical product so
theoretically it is a device that has a
camera that monitors your hand movements
an eye tracker that monitors your eye
movements and then a piece of software
that it's tied into it or better yet not
software a third camera that monitors
the screen and ensures that everything
is synced and how does this work it like
reports an everything okay signal
basically it's it's an every
everything's fine alarm all the time and
it so it'll ping it'll ping the
multiplayer server saying everything's
okay everything's okay everything's okay
and then if any if it ever stops then
you're kicked immediately
if it
worked let's say it's I'm going to hold
on let's do stage this hold on it's just
it's it's what I've described so far
would you consider buying it if there
was a big enough ecosystem that you knew
that in a game you like to play other
people would be using it and you could
play on a cheat free
server it sounds so susceptible to a
massive honey pot ignore that let's say
it worked uh and like wasn't the giant
honey pot for people to come everything
was essentially locally stored other
than the everything's okay alarm yeah
people get um yeah probably to be honest
and I just cover up the cameras when I
wasn't playing well let's talk about the
pricing oh I mean that doesn't whoa
hello buddy um that doesn't sound cheap
no let's say it's $300 does it work in
multiple games it works in any game
where the developer implements support
and has cheat free like like cheat eye
or whatever you want to call it so can
we assume this is like not 100% but
pretty ubiquitous uh it's not ubiquitous
no it's supported in a handful of games
but one or two of them happen to be ones
that you like to
play I would consider it depending on
the games 300 bucks I would consider it
depending on the games let's say it was
supported in tarov yeah you would you
play would you play uh whatever not
raids not extractions whatever they're
called instances raids sure would you
play raids with this device and this
device alone if it was available and
would you spend the money on
it I think I think you'd have to be in
lobbies only with other people using it
well yeah you would so you you'd have
exclusive and I think there's like I
said the external monitor thing is still
going to happen
um I don't know it's not a guarantee
because the external monitor thing cuz
there's there's we really have no idea
what percentage of people are using that
yep um that's fair we know it's a lot we
know it's like actually a huge amount of
people uh because there's a weird thing
where that's the easiest way to cheat
with your friends as
well because it's the least suspicious
to the other people that you're playing
with right
um if if if it could get around that
yeah I think I would
because I to me be completely honest to
me like firstperson shooter style
competitive games right now are actually
just
ruined I don't think any of them is okay
I don't even think that's a
controversial take so someone told me
like oh but there's no cheating inv
valerant they have the colel level
antiche and it's like like
bro YouTube it they're everywhere like
maybe it helps them
maybe but ultimately this is a this is a
like back in fourth that will go forever
okay so here's
one Elijah uh said something else but it
made me think of something different
yeah good job alijah um you're doing
great it's a Val it's a valuable it's a
valuable skill knowing that there's
going to be knowing that there's going
to be a cost in terms of latency right
you're going to probably it'll cost you
a frame of latency let's say 15
milliseconds would you play a
competitive shooter from a cloudstream
service
if you knew that every other client
connected was also using the same
cloudstream service and the whole thing
was running locally so they could
monitor what absolutely everyone is
doing so nothing goes in nothing goes
out other than mouse and keyboard inputs
and Frame
data would that be more fun these days
if everyone's doing it I think so if
everyone on it the the biggest thing is
not it's not getting owned cuz like you
know I'm getting older I'm getting a
little bit slower I'm not as good at FPS
games as I used to be also don't play
them as much like it's just not that's
fine I'm going to
lose
um it's it's having
a very legitimized theory that the
person that just beat you might be
cheating yeah and like in that seat of
doubt it just ruins the whole thing and
like in tarov they added a thing where
you can view people's profiles after
they kill you and it's like like oh cool
this guy has a 75% extraction rate
probably just died to a cheater go into
the next game this guy has 17
KD that is definitely possible there are
people that are definitely legit that
definitely have KDs better than that
that dude's probably not one of them
right like I don't know
um and it just sucks time to Break Out
World of
Tanks let's see let's see world of of
tanks
cheats cheats are World of Tanks World
of Tanks banned thousands of cheaters in
February how to cheat in World of Tanks
the legal aim cheat World of Tanks
doesn't want you to know
about all
right multiplayer competitive games are
covered in cheaters right now it's
actually crazy it's mostly in like games
that involve projectiles so I was going
to say firstperson shooter but I don't
know if you divers has a problem does it
in a PVE like multiplayer game people
suck teamwork
yeah if you if you're cheating in Hell
divers you are not a
citizen wow that is not very Democratic
of you not declared not a citizen got
him not not patriotic at all service
guarantees citizenship you belong to the
bugs
uh all right are there any other topics
that we really need to hit here uh
European new car Assessment program has
declared that all cars need physical
controls like buttons switches and dials
for important features like turn signals
windshield wipers horns Hazard warning
lights and any built-in SOS features I
mean that should have been Common Sense
before but hey thanks Tesla personally I
support that a lot yep and uh Oregon
passed a right to repair law that apple
is not a fan
of um basically they're going after uh
locking components like serializing
components and locking them to a
particular device uh Google has been
vocally in support of the bill but Apple
has expressed concern saying that the
Bill's language around Parts pairing
could force them to allow thirdparty
biometric sensors to work in our devices
without any form of authentication which
could lead to unauthorized access to an
individual's personal data uh to the
detriment of customers everywhere
because they do not have the ability to
restrict such Provisions regionally um
yeah yeah you're going to have to just
figure it out Apple which know you can
so just do it because you did it before
so just do it like that um yeah the bill
covers all consumer electronics but
excludes Motor Vehicles farming equip
really medical devices HVAC systems why
HVAC systems game consoles why solar
panels and electric toothbrushes so
right to repair doesn't is what is this
the Oral B Lobby like what's going on
yeah why can't why can't you do that
like Colgate owns what's what's going to
happen if you fix your your own
toothbrush what do you what risk is this
your your teeth data is going to
be you know it's a medical device I
don't know
unbelievable all
right I think it's time for Wow after
dark all right now fine I'll do it yeah
now do you guys want to read your own
merch messages and then I go upstairs
and prepare things so that we can have a
faster switch over yeah I can suppos to
be 8% 8% I can be Dan
uh what am I doing when after
dark that's the button okay bye good
luck he's lias is also
leaving
uh I'm just gonna I'm just going to take
one of these that I can answer
um I clicked the broadcast did that do
the thing I think so um hello dll is
using macros for gaming cheating such as
entering a key combination enabling a
strategy in Hell divers uh as much as I
just roasted people for Cheating in Hell
divers uh because I just think it's sad
um it's a PVE game so like I don't
really care I really really don't think
that you should do it because that's
part of the game and like failing the
key input is part of the game so I think
you're robbing yourself of the
experience but it's a PV e game so like
I don't care
personally but that's also not very
Democratic and you're not a
patriot got him yeah all right should we
do some merch messages yeah I just did
one oh good
job hi dlll is oh that's one I did last
year I installed solar on my house says
Andrew Q with an EV uh was close to Net
Zero electricity Linus do you monitor
your solar if so how has your
electricity usage been with an e and
many electronics I actually do monitor
my solar occasionally uh to give you
some idea of how often it is I forget
what the app is called but I do have it
I just need to find
it it's not very good in the winter
because we don't get a lot of sun here
in Canada which is why the ROI point for
solar in or in Canada there are some
parts of Canada that gets Sun but in Van
couver we definitely don't get enough to
make it make a ton of sense uh but in
the summer in the summer it's not
bad dang it I forget what it's called
it's one of those stupid apps where the
name it's it's not you know solar or you
know energy app or anything like that it
just has some random stupid name and I
have to remember exactly what it is like
okay okay my pool for example the app
for my pool uh instead of being called
aqual link is called I Aqua link so when
I'm going through all the apps I don't
really use all that often I have to
remember right right the pool starts
with an i for some reason that I can't
possibly imagine what it would be other
than apparently you can rename apps no
way I had no idea okay I had no idea and
that is super cool when Bingo chroni
said remind lonus he can rename apps in
the
drawer I don't know how to do that I
don't see an obvious way to do that app
details in store
how do you do
that um select item okay I select it
depends on your launcher oh okay well I
don't have a custom
launcher I cannot find this I'm sorry
this is very embarrassing on the app
should bring up an edit button yeah so
you probably don't yeah it doesn't I
don't have that
um well I give up fake
news
stop if I find it I'll let you guys know
in the meantime we might have to move on
to the other one but basically on my
best days uh I'm about neutral and most
days I I'm not I'm still I'm still
paying for electricity very much very
much
so this is driving me absolutely Bonkers
right now the fact that I cannot find
this oh it's probably not on here I
probably had it on my fold I think I
probably just haven't bothered to
install it on here cuz it doesn't matter
that much oh you know what I think home
assistant has the tracking for it as
well I will double check okay home
assistant let's go energy let's go yes
okay so today the total
was um wow that's it 6.1 kilowatt hours
from my Sol a with meaning I drew over a
100 kilowatt hours from the grid nice
however I could pick a summer day
uh let's go back to last summer so I
don't know uh arbitrarily August 23rd
here we go so on that day um oh wow when
I said that I was even on Sundays that
was a big lie because it was
27.7 from the solar but still over 100
from the grid I have no idea what was
going on that day occasionally I I see
big spikes where it's obvious that I was
like charging my car uh like here's one
where I get home after work and the blue
is yeah I'm very much charging my car um
yeah yep it makes a small difference not
much okay here we go what's next oh
right Dan's not here uh yeah do you want
me to read them out
uh it's up to you no right now I'm
curating potentials yeah why don't you
do that and I'll I'll read them out we
got we got this how did we ever do this
by just ourselves I don't I think I read
them out I don't remember we didn't have
merch messages before we had a producer
I just mean how did we do the w show
before yeah but I don't think the
producer originally did it really yeah
oh I don't
know uh Anonymous asks how's teren
Chrome PC office coming along and sorry
for not suggesting it uh we I to my
knowledge we haven't really made any
progress because I think we were trying
to Source a really some really wild
stuff for it and we expect that to take
a little
while uh Victor asks can we sponsor Luke
to gush about games on air I mean given
how much he mostly hates games hates
games I hate games I mean you seem to
hate a lot of them B Skate 3 is pretty
good got him let's go so if your name is
larryan Studios then
z um no I mean I I gush about games all
the time I hell divers is fantastic
Ballers Gate 3 is really good
balatro came out of nowhere uh as a slay
the Spire hyper nerd that game is a
awesome very excited about that games
have been pretty good for quite a while
now I feel like we're out of the slump
this is kind of what I was talking about
I feel like the old big companies
honestly people just kind of ignore them
now like Assassin's Creed Mirage came
out you didn't hear people hate on it
you also didn't hear people like it a
lot just nobody cared even CF thieves
was in the news for like two days see if
these lasted a little bit three days
then yeah I saw as Summit like
single-handedly kept that game relevant
for a decent amount like one twitch
streamer was like able I'm seriously
though because twitch streamers can kind
of do that they can like drag a game on
but other than Summit like people didn't
really seem to care
um yeah but to talk about another pirate
game I don't even remember the name of
it right now the one Ubisoft just
released the quadruple a
game
uh it's Colin bones there there we go
people were like including myself like
sorry I meant Skull and Bones I totally
fled that yeah Skull and Bones so yes I
completely agree that not St thieves th
stayed relevant for kind of that was for
a while yeah I meant Skull and Bones yep
skull and B yeah it was it was like
three days in my newsfeed and then it
was gone completely gone uninteresting
and before like you know Halo 5 comes
out and people are mad for like months
yeah yeah Halo infinite people are still
mad mad for a long time but I think
people are getting to the point where
they're just like whatever shut up
different now all these new companies
are stepping up making really good games
some Indies are coming out and just
killing it battle bit was a huge success
batro is a huge success uh Dave the
diver massive success there's other ones
that I'm forgetting right now but
they've been killing it bers Gate 3
killed it hell divers killed it uh Elden
ring massive amazing now po World insane
games are just like over and over and
over again breaking player limits on
Steam breaking sales limits on steam it
just things are actually very good right
now and I think it's
largely Studios that are not in the
original big grouping are releasing
bangers and players are more willing to
buy games that aren't just from like
these original big companies the funny
thing for me is even that some of the
big traditional players are doing great
like when Sony announced those layoffs
they also announced like record
profits in certain areas though if I
remember correctly the layoffs that
happened were with a studio that did not
have record profits um I think that was
the for I think it's fores spoken that's
the name of the game did not do very
well as far as my understanding goes um
and I think they laid off like that
studio um or disperse them within the I
don't necessarily know what happened um
what is your take on City skylines 2 uh
it's not really so much my game my type
of game but the city skylines fans are
really hardcore I I'm assuming they like
it but I don't know they're pretty mad
oh okay the game's super demanding and
in a lot of ways it doesn't live up to
the full experience of the previous game
because it had like 10 years of modding
this is a rough point of those types of
games and if you're a fan of that type
of game you sort of just have to get
used to it this is a thing with Civ when
a brand new Civ game comes out it's
probably not as good as the last one but
then they'll release a couple expansions
and then it's like really sick like the
next ano games in trouble because an
1800 is outstanding and it got like six
seasons of DLC or something like that
which
compellingly added to the game very good
DLC not just cosmetic crap or whatever
you want cuz it's great that like
dramatically improves the game uh like
the the first expansion the new world is
awesome amazing it's a whole new world
the whole new world to the Arctic
expansion is sick the uh whatever that
jungle kind of one is is great um and so
ano whatever is coming next it it's
going to suck by comparison yeah for
probably a while I like playing
snowrunner with my dad uh they're
releasing a game called Expeditions a
mudrunner game and like yeah it's
probably not going to be very good for
like a while and that's okay cuz it'll
get there I I believe it'll be all right
Civ 5 greater than Civ 6 I also believe
this but I think that's a preference
thing I think you and I we probably
don't like the districts that's the only
reason why I don't like C6 is I'm not so
into the districts but I also know
people that love civ6 so it is what it
is yeah and it's one of those things
where everything we're saying is kind of
a generalization like there there are
going to be preferred entries in a
series absolutely but we just mean in
general when you follow up something
that had many years of bug fixes and
optimization and and in some cases mods
extra content
content you can't like GTA 6 man no
matter how good that game is the online
experience is going to be it will not
live up to GTA 5 online or GTA online I
guess they call it but you you know what
I mean the online experience that that
GTA 5 ultimately morphed into that is
far beyond what I certainly I expected
pit boy saying give us a little Feeder
on the Starfield review vid this is it
actually the Starfield review vid I'm
going to talk about field almost not at
all the that's a closed book The Game's
garbage um got him what I'm going to be
talking about is is this stuff um is the
industry is moving and as much as I'm
going to sit here and mourn the the loss
of some of my like Favorite Things um
like I do not expect the next Elder
Scrolls game will be like worth playing
at
all which sucks that's bold but unless
they make dramatic changes in that
Studio it's not going to
happen like I I don't know um but
there's sick games coming out that are
really
fun I'm having a great time playing new
stuff my my era of like I played mowind
I went back and played the games before
mowind I played Oblivion all like this
oh my God all of these things are
amazing and I can just like guarantee
that the next one coming out is going to
be sick that's kind of over but that
doesn't mean that good games are over
so are you ever going to finish Final
Fantasy 6 yes I will I'm trying to right
now figure out uh why my computer's blue
screening multiple times a day what it's
having problems again new completely new
problems raid Port zero some something
something yeah I don't know very
confusing did you get moss in your fan
it doesn't seem to be related to
overheating that's weird yeah okay still
trying to figure it out all right well
bummer AMD
drivers no he's on Nvidia now unless
they're talking about the CPU oh I mean
that's that's possible but unlikely is
cursed with personal PCS I wasn't until
the AMD challenge started I never had
any
problems but now I'm I'm I'm not on AMD
card anymore so I can't talk about that
Chad asks hey DL alien special edition
is the best aliens special edition oh
okay yeah yeah cargo pants when um I
don't know we are at oh I should say
we're at least 2 to 3 months out because
we haven't started mass production yet
but they're going to be pretty similar
to this and they're not going to be
cheap all the pockets and everything
ended up
um significantly contributing to the
cost of this particular garment and our
order quantity is not super high because
we haven't had like a a a Smash Hit in
pants yet and so we're taking a fairly
conservative approach to ordering so
there'll be a bit of a low volume tax
but they're really nice I really like
them um Richard says thanks LT and team
question for lonus if he gets it what
treats do you like to give your cats oh
we're really bad we uh we just give them
like Friskies like name brand ones that
are probably full of garbage and going
to kill them or whatever um we don't
give them to them often but they they do
like them sometimes we'll put them in
like 3D printed stimulus toys that are
fun to play with and they like can try
to get it out of it uh but I I like
giving them catnip even though I know
you're not supposed to you're not
supposed to yeah it's I don't know it's
like bad for them it's like it's drugs
right it like messes them up a little
but I don't know drug it's funny it's
really funny they get all weird and
affectionate and they roll around on
stuff so it's e yeah for cats yeah I
don't know um yeah Temptations that's
the one J Jay sit on in float plane
chat um are the 3D printed toys safe for
them to be chewing and licking they they
don't they're not dogs like they're
they're like fidget toys like they have
like spinny bits or they have little
like uh thing sliders that they can try
to get the the the food underneath it's
it's fine apparently the nip is
perfectly fine uh some people are saying
occasionally it's fine natural is fine
yeah I don't know I don't know whatever
someone told me at some point that it's
not the best I'm going to give it to
them anyway because I don't give a
so there you go sorry sorry bad pet bad
pet dad uh rodri says if you were forced
to use a monitor where all of its specs
were as low as they can go but you could
choose one spec to be top of the line
which would it be size refresh rate
color accuracy
Etc ooh it depends what I'm doing yeah
if it's for gaming it's going to have to
be a top-of-the-line refresh rate but am
I allowed to also have top-of-the-line
pixel response times because if I have
the fastest refresh rate and trash pixel
response times that'll suck everything's
just a blur then if I have to pick one
then it would be pixel response times
unless it's for anything other than
gaming in which case it's going to be
color but size color but size hold on
minimum size how small is that size yeah
I don't I mean these days I would say
these days probably yeah probably
something like that yeah it's probably
not going to be size then
though uh Gad asks have you looked at
the plug-in hybrid Chrysler Pacifica
yeah I almost got it when we bought our
Odyssey it was coming soon and I didn't
want to be the first person to buy a
Chrysler allnew
model so I was like this looks super
cool this is right up my alley plug-in
hybrid I could do a lot of my you know
just putting about dropping kids off at
lessons on electric uh totally my jam
right Chevy Volt guy um but it's a
Chrysler and this is the very first one
I don't even know if they had a plug-in
hybrid before that uh no they must have
because um they're they're also under
General Motors but I don't know that
Chrysler specifically had done
anything yeah I I don't I don't believe
in I don't believe in first gen even an
established product line I don't want a
new a an allnew I don't want an allnew I
want the facelift or or I want the last
one before the facelift or the second
one after the fael I forget what like
the ones are but don't want it all new I
know that for
sure apparently no Chrysler is not GM
it's Fiat Chrysler that's right sorry
sorry sorry sorry my bad I think there's
one dealership locally that does
Chrysler and GM and so I I get that
confused sometimes yeah so I I would
just no nah I was not I was not into
that
oops what's up I just created something
that there's like two of the same thing
for so nice Anonymous says being water
resistant how does the LTT hat hold up
up to head sweat compared to The
Standard Version uh well what I would
imagine is that it would not pass
through it as easily but I would have to
get back to you on that um I have no
idea how to do anything with respect to
following this up so maybe someone will
see it and we will update the product
page at some point but I would say that
if you sweat a lot and your main concern
when it comes to your head getting wet
is from the inside then you should just
get the regular one and save yourself 20
bucks and it'll be like very breathable
and that'll be good Michael says if the
government forced you into one of the
currently vacant non-tech focused public
service jobs what would you be excited
to
do for and what side jobs would you do
to actually pay the bills so I'd be a
teacher he'd be a firefighter saved you
the trouble thanks as for side jobs
um man I feel like uh you know what I
was looking into this recently I feel
like I I'd figure out stuff where I can
buy a small piece of equipment and then
turn that into like a recurring profit
at home a rental yeah no actually what I
had in mind was more along the lines of
like you can buy there's this really
weird Chinese company vivor and they
have kind of everything like they have
ultrasonic cleaners and they have like
super high pressure compressors I don't
know how trustworthy they are like the
reviews are like oh yeah this compressor
like works pretty good as as long as you
you know make sure you're like
supervising it really carefully cuz
otherwise it'll explode if it goes too
high and it doesn't have a safety cut
off and also like I had to redo the oil
in it when it first arrived cuz it like
wasn't sealed right and like uh anyway
um but I I was going to before I
realized how dangerous that thing was I
was thinking oh that would be like a
cool side hustle for like my kid it's
like hey you know here learn to run a
business um I will I will invest you
know the cost of this High Press
compressor thing you're responsible for
having a web presence and for uh
handling you know client Communications
and and for actually fulfilling people's
tank filling requests and and you could
use it to fill probably not scuba tanks
but you could use it to fill
Airsoft uh or like air gun or paintball
gun uh high pressure air tanks and so I
could see myself doing stuff like that
so making small Investments like into a
bad yeah yeah the guys into like a
badminton stringing machine um and then
streaming streaming uh badminton
streaming badminton stringing machine
and stringing people's rackets for them
and stuff like that man these guys got
everything so uh yeah don't go to
cleaning equipment just go to like the
main the main site like super weird
company man like is that a milking
machine or like what the what the
am I even looking at here is that a
lawnmower I don't even yeah what is this
I don't even know it's like a still I
don't even know price is as low as 60 8
a curb ramp like would I trust a Jack
from these guys wow I would not trust
this right like the lowest price ever oh
good I don't know if I want that from a
jack
yeah what the Yeah weird weird company
dude multi effect deep detox temperature
control and timer foldable and portable
sauna blanket for infrared
heating okay Jaws 14 said I literally
had their Sona heaters open in Chrome
already yeah they just have some of
everything um
random archive Anonymous says hey Dan
and the
talent what is the most comfortable LT
merch to wear while traveling my wife
and I are flying to the maritimes in
April to see the total solar eclipse and
want to get us some
merch while flying man I I would take
the drop out that hoodie is awesome the
dropo is just so comfortable and I mean
if you're going maximum comfort and you
just don't give a f about what you look
like pick up the pajama pants yeah they
are so comfortable Al that yeah I second
both of those yeah like if I just wanted
maximum Comfort I I would probably just
go that route I mean there's always the
onesie if you're totally Shameless
what's the scenario that you're in is
this they're flying flying yeah you can
have some printing issues with the with
the the
yeah but you could wear the Marino
underwear and that would keep the print
contained
uh well
depending good
help you really got to brag about that
on a live stream what's wrong you're in
that's all what's your problem I just
don't wear those in public places yeah
you wear them the work it's not a not
anymore yeah well because I told you not
to yeah uh okay Nathaniel says lur Luke
tried Quake Champions I stand by being
the best shooter around at the moment
similar vibe to Halo but much faster
movement and no a assist I haven't tried
it I would probably enjoy it I I love
quake and its Quake
Rives yeah I feel the same way Ryan s
says I was able to play Super checks
with my fiance for the first time this
week she was playing it similar to
foosball all power no finesse um any
tips for how to consistently win defense
defense
defense defense um it's all about
cutting down the angles so you you
basically have to look at whatever part
of your net is exposed you put your
goalie in whatever the most likely spot
they are to hit is and then you get a
player in between the puck and the rest
of the net and you can our our games
tend to be very tight checking games uh
with there was I specifically remember
one conversation that we had that you
after the conversation were semi-
regretting having where we were
discussing how to block certain
shots um and that that conversation I
think was quite the inflection point in
like the quality of overall gameplay cuz
we went back and forth a bit on like I
outed him for quite a long time yeah and
then because neither of us is that into
that um whenever he outet as me at
something he explains what he's doing
and whenever I out meta him at something
we both just generally want to be better
we'll win we'll we'll win some games if
we figure something out yeah but then
we'll be like hey once you've kind of
got it unlock the reason I'm scoring
with my left Winger
like every game all the time is because
you're not you you're moving this guy
this way and you should be moving him
this way um
nowadays you like you either have to get
lucky and you just like start hitting
hard and hoping it like bounces off
something and goes some of that there's
some of that there's some of that in
real hockey too or you gota you man you
got to make a good play make some Mak
make try to try to do a pass um so
instead of just like I have the puck I
shoot it at the net um try to like you
know they're guarding one angle cuz your
player has the puck instead of shooting
at the net pass it to your other one and
be ready and smack it right when it gets
you so they don't have time to react and
move their move their players and stuff
also you just generally got to work on
your muscle memory uh manage your goalie
that's a big one is whenever the Puck's
on this side get your goalie to that
side and then proceed to play and then
when it moves to the other side get it
over there get back just keep your
goalie so that he's best cutting down on
the angles yeah Daniela hey Lane Lindsay
and
Delila as a float plane subscriber for a
long time I feel like I have missed out
on all the Dennis ads that appear in
videos could we get a float plane
compilation of them love the the show
that's a really good idea could be
really fun too is like Dennis going over
like his like favorite top five ones or
something yeah um that's a that's a
that's a super good idea I will I will
send that to
Ry
um Dennis presents his favorite Dennis
ads
period idea for a float plane exclusive
where Dennis acts as the host and shows
them some of the best
creative sponsor spots that he's done
because they don't see
them all right yeah it's a really good
idea Antonio says Hey Linux Luke
Skywalker and Dirty Dan with the
retirement of Matt Pat what are your
thoughts on YouTubers retiring and the
impact theorists have had on the gaming
community and game
development so thoughts on YouTubers
retiring man I uh I've been tempted
myself many times I mean I've I've said
guys I'm not doing this for the money
anymore don't don't need more of it
um I do have a tendency to develop
greater
Ambitions once I've achieved what I have
Ivon calls me
insatiable um but but I assure I I I I
swear the Badminton Center is the last
thing no it's the last
thing it's the last thing Luke mhm well
I mean the lab still like is not done
and the badon center is still not I just
mean I'm not going to add any more
massive
projects I don't believe you what I do
what I do somewhat believe is that at
the very least a pause on purchasing
real estate which will limit the ability
to do certain
things I no part of me
believes that you're just like not going
to Aspire to more that is just hilarious
to be completely honest um what that
more
is I think you might be able to
especially knowing you you might be able
to wordcraft your way out of it being
quote unquote more because it's it's an
expansion of something we're already
doing in some way whatever sure but you
know what I mean um feel like I'm just
getting completely roasted right now
there's absolutely nothing I can do
about
it but yeah I don't know we're going to
use the the labs team and and this other
something thing to to make extremely
high-end uh pool toys or something it's
like okay sure dude it would be cat toys
before pool toys but sure sure yeah yeah
but you're like it's not an expansion
because we use the labs team to design
it and we use the creat warehouse team
to make it yeah it's like what's wrong
so you've built all the teams that you
need to build to do whatever you want
and you're like now I'm not expanding no
that doesn't count that counts no that's
legit going to stop product
development it's all a tax right
off yeah as for Matt Pat's impact I mean
yeah create Crea the creative
industry
just yeah sure gaming but honestly I
think he's been in some way is more
influential to people who have watched
him and not necessarily gone into gaming
or game development uh he's just been an
icon one of those guys like the Green
Brothers where you're just like an
innovator uh is is the word that I would
use to describe him I've only I've only
had the pleasure of meeting
him twice I want to say um but he's one
of those people that a is exactly the
way that you expect him to be based on
seeing him on camera and B somehow still
manages to surprise you if that makes
sense Charles says Hey dlll I've
recently became a father and when helps
keep my sanity through the sleepless
nights the last few Fridays what is a
piece of advice you wish someone had
told you when you became a parent
um just be firm be firm and never ever
break ranks the
you and youro say anything that
contradicts the other you are done they
will find that tiny Gap in the armor and
they will wedge their way into it um and
I don't mean that they're evil I just
mean that they're people little little
people annoying people beautiful
people but they're people they're smart
so watch out and they and doesn't matter
how smart you are cuz remember they're
your genetic junk they're every bit as
smart as you
are uh that one's done uh Anonymous says
Hey parasocial figments of my
imagination you've said before that you
try to only make products if you can add
value to the market so why cables it
feels like there are several quality
cable Brands so my issue with cables is
that they're often not available in the
lengths that I want and cable management
is something that's a bit of a personal
you know passion of mine I I like I like
tidiness I like order um and ours will
be available in in between lengths the
other thing that we're going to do
really well is cut out the BS so instead
of Super Ultra Mega
speed our cables will simply be labeled
with the maximum data rate that they can
handle and with the maximum power that
they can carry that's it no BS just
excellent cables I also haven't seen
many if any cable manufacturers use
super high quality silicone sleeving um
Apple used to have some cables like that
but they haven't done them in a long
time I've seen it in DIY Electronics
cabling and like wiring rather uh but
seeing it in actually finished cables is
pretty rare so between the quality of
the cables the availability of middle
lengths for optimal cable management and
the just no BS labels I think that
there's an opportunity for us to make a
difference
uh Anonymous says heus and his two
carers just curious to know which rig
you've had the most fun building at LT
PS more of the Jank water cooling guy
please the most
fun G I don't know cuz there's a fine
line between fun and
derangement I almost feel like like you
know we have we have that video coming
very soon of us reflecting on our
favorite builds I so I created this as a
call out for that video basically so
well I'm nothing if not predictable we
got there we got there um the mineral
oil PC was just sheer Joy it wasn't that
hard it was just let's go to the like
pet store and buy a castle and put it in
a
computer right like it what we already
knew how to do it we had a kit like it
was n just fun yeah that was pretty fun
uh we we've done a lot of fun Stu always
come back to that one man like and some
of it's just like wow even less purpose
like I did that one where we had a heat
sink like an air cooler heat sink and we
just like ran water over it we like put
it in water to can you water cool air
cooling right like that's just F it's
just fun did we build a computer really
I don't know more we ran a you know
science fair experiment
but it's if we weren't having fun we
wouldn't do it hey speaking of fun um we
did how to clean your water cooling
recently and it ended up being a really
fun video that's cool um the we
were we were going to do it and then a
toothbrush sponsor wanted to work with
us on a sponsored video I went holy
the timing of this is unbelievable
because we were just going to do a like
how to clean your water cooling thing
and we weren't really sure if there'd be
enough of an audience for that so it
wasn't a high priority uh even though we
did want to do it and then and then
things got even better because one of my
favorite degenerates that works here
David who doesn't take care of his stuff
which you guys would have seen in his
until extreme Tech upgrade hasn't
touched those water cooled systems since
I built them and they had some scary
stuff in them so we combined checking in
on a previous upgrade with how to clean
your water cooling with we needed to do
a sponsor thing for for like a like a
like a super high vibration rate
electric toothbrush and it end up being
like a really good video it's
informative it's fun and funny and it's
sponsored so hey keep the lights on I
mean not very on it's when show after
dark but only a little bit on a little
bit yeah yeah yeah we got to pay Dan
somehow I mean he oh oh he is off
working yeah I
know I'm saying that for
them uh uh archive Sean says hey D just
got my screwdriver have you considered
doing similar real world reviews with
other work battered items like you did
with the miners backpack no that just
kind of happened by chance um it's kind
of a cool idea but I don't think it's
the sort of thing that we go out of our
way for if you want to see people's real
world reviews LTT store.com is chalk
full of them like if you ever have any
doubt in the product feel free to you
know per bruise the
reviews where you will
find lots and lots and lots of real
world impressions of our products
there's over 8,000 reviews for the LTD
screwdriver many of which include photos
uh or some of which include photos I
shouldn't say many many they can include
photos um a lot of people don't use the
feature but they definitely can yeah man
I every once in a while I'll just sit
and like read reviews it's I can't even
keep up look at this all of these are
from the 6th of
March okay so we're on March 5th here
here we go all of these are from March
the 5th okay now we're on to March the
4th like people are really passionate
about this product even the ones that
aren't five star are
like dang I really appreciate the behind
the scenes decision this is a reflection
of the dedication of the quality of LT
like I can't read all the amazing
wonderful things that people say about
our scar one includes aian saying I
signed up for the Precision screwdriver
exactly
exactly oh man I'm I'm glad I can
support great content with actual great
products like dang man yeah
exactly okay so I've dealt with all the
incoming and potentials nice I can I can
read if you would like you want to
participate for a change how about I
read one for you Ryan G if I buy this
with my company card is it a tax write
off yes no
I'll use the mouse pad for work oh then
yes
maybe partially maybe uh also Luke
what's the hardest challenge you've had
to solve at flow plane other than live
streaming oh
yeah H payment processors that's been
very annoying um I think the biggest one
is protection accomplishing what we have
with the team size that we have um I I
can't really understate how crazy it is
that we able to pull that off a very
talented team um It's actually kind of
nuts
um and anytime that like yeah I don't
know I I don't want to get way too into
it but
like building a new feature when you
have like oh um yes this individual
person is responsible for um all of the
apps and all of the front end yeah we
like know of other sort of
Creator um you know platform things and
they have a team of like a lot of people
that do that entire team has less
responsibilities in that one person and
the thing that that it it just has a lot
of things that we kind of like oh okay
yeah so not shouting out anyone in
particular just our team is very
talented and they're great yeah and you
know what their leader is pretty great
yeah thanks man Oh you mean you oh I
mean you mean you no I mean Taran oh
just I was just I was just bugging you
was that that would be right though yeah
oh I I'm not in their reporting path at
all anymore wait is it cuz he's the
leader of no hold on a second am I still
CE you're still a CEO oh that's
hilarious I probably shouldn't
be when you don't
no I never thought about this at all
yeah that's so funny um you can tell
that reporting line was important yeah
whoopsie
noodles oh okay
um Ellas says hey lonus have you
switched to that Alienware aw 2725 DF
monitor that you unbox for circuit Del
wanted it back oh so I haven't gotten
one yet cuz I'm lazy also it's really
small so my incentive to upgrade to it
has been pretty low I do want it though
man it was freaking like just I couldn't
miss I couldn't miss Luke it's like I
was cheating I'm tempted but it's so
much money it's so good it's so much
money and I'm like trying to get away
from Shooters right now because of how
many cheaters there are do it you coward
how much is it oh it's like $700 or
something
oh
oh when my next monitor dies it'll be
cheaper then yeah it's like a th000
Canadian dollarss dude oh
yeah
dog I was talking to I was doing not
salary but contract rate negotiations
with someone today
um and they told me their Us
number I was like nice and then I
converted it and I was like
oh nice we'll
see man look at these reviews though
this monitor is true wow factor best
monitor I ever owned as astounding OLED
monitor OLED is the Wave It's The
Wave this is almost as good as our
screwdriver
Luke that's genuinely pretty oh well
hold on sort by highest to that cannot
be the default Dell what the Dell wow
okay ours are sorted by most recent okay
so let's see what they end up with then
is what just happened did that just do
anything I don't think so oh my God most
relevant hello okay that one changed
okay most recent a shining star on my
desk okay is this okay I don't know what
just happened here anyway it may be even
better than the LTT oh died after a
week dude this is uh okay other than DOA
it gets five which stars going to happen
with monitors disappointing packaging so
it's so it's got a problem with
it screen Lottery risk packaging again
anyone who gets a working one is like
OMG the best thing ever and I I I backed
that up epic had to get a replacement
literally every single one that isn't
five stars it's like it's
broky that was pretty epic someone said
doesn't lonus pay for uh Luke's computer
stuff for the tower yep that's it y
that's where I draw the line I'm not I'm
not compl I draw the line I'm not
complaining I'm not complaining but
monitors and peripherals and stuff
always see this right here this is a
line
um some of them sound hella scripted
yeah some of what oh maybe yeah sure I
mean they might be fake we don't know
ours are not yeah um Mike says I'm
saving this gift card until I can buy an
LT tax write off shirt in Big and Tall
sizes lonus please tell me when I'll be
able to spend this I'm not guaranteeing
that I'm guar I guarantee nothing but
thank you for the your tax liability
gift card it's not a tax liability it's
just a wait hold on is it no I think it
might be because it counts as an asset
but it's not I I can't remember how it
works but gift cards are actually like
sort of inconvenient in a sense like
they're are they're they're a liability
when you count your business assets or
whatever it's fine though please buy
gift cards or whatever um Igor says just
got a job as a computer teacher for
teenagers and young adults aside from PC
Building what do you consider important
skills for PC enthusiasts I really want
a light a fire and students
troubleshooting the the rush of solving
a problem is one that can't be under
can't be over what it shouldn't be under
it's
good yeah I think a security focused
lesson where uh you make it like the the
students I don't know to trying to teach
kids security stuff and trying to make
it fun could be kind of cool like maybe
you could have split the team into like
split the class into like four teams or
something uh and give them like they
have to like send emails to each other
and they have to be able to detect which
email is like sketchy or something I
don't know um could be interesting it
would need some workshopping but it
could be fun if you if you could find
some way to teach
kids
good you know internet usage practices
in regards to security that would be
super super valuable for them and if you
could find a way to make it fun that
would be
great hello lonus tax tips I'm Chaz what
are some odd things you've seen wired up
to a computer I.E I am wiring up an
aftermarket car stereo from the 2010s to
my PC for audio and CD/DVD
playback that's an odd one um Alex
wanted to run a subwoofer off of a
computer power supply for for some
reason he wanted to build the computer
into a sub enclosure we didn't actually
do that but he wanted to sounds cool
cigarette lighters are one of the funny
ones from the like late '90s early 2000s
you could get 5 and a/4 inch Bay like
cigarette
lighters
um I have
personally just run power out of my
computer for fans that are not actually
in the computer or lights that are not
actually in the computer that're just
somewhere else cuz it was just
convenient cuz it was a Molex connector
and I was like here we
go I mean power's power right yeah give
it to the people Christopher hey lld
first time buyer my partner and I can't
wait to read this to our baby who's
arriving in a few weeks heck yeah ABC's
a gaming let's go any tips for managing
screen time for young kids as ours grows
up um don't use it as a crutch the
biggest obstacle to managing kids screen
time is
parents you have to learn you have to be
disciplined enough to force them to be
disciplined enough to not just stare at
a screen your kids are going to scream
and cry in a restaurant so you have two
options you can have a pleasant meal by
giving them your phone or you can
Soldier it out you can grab your kid
take them out of the not not like this I
just meant grab your kid no shake take
them out of the restaurant I used to do
this all the time your food's going to
get cold your steak is going to get
tough while it sits there and you are
not eating it you sit them down outside
the restaurant and you go the way you're
behaving is not
okay do you like being out here no do
you think I want to be out
here well what do we need to
do you need to stop the noise you're
making that's not okay nobody wants to
hear that and when you're done we can go
back and inside if it takes too long you
go back inside you leave them there you
stand there you watch them through the
window you make sure no one's going to
take off with your kid or
whatever you wait it out there will be
times when it will take an
hour but what they learn is when you say
you will eat this
food you will do it
quietly that that's what will happen
they can have a lot of Tears in between
or they can yell or they can do whatever
but that's what's going to happen I mean
I've never had to hit my kids never had
to like you know be do we focused on
whatever we say will happen and we will
wait you out and it has been so
effective I've seen some of it
time yep and I don't mind putting them
in a slightly unpleasant situation I
also like as a as a childless person um
I kind of appreciate it
because if you just sit there if if you
don't do the phone thing but you just
sit there and don't do anything then
it's just annoying for everybody else so
by like removing them from the scenario
it's like okay and there will be
escalating levels of unpleasantness like
the first place I might put them when
they're not behaving at the restaurant
is inside the restaurant sitting at the
front
and I just ignore them while they do not
get they want attention right so don't
give them attention for that and then if
they keep doing it well hey next up is
outside yeah he said he said had to he
he would never hit his kids yeah it was
just a verbage thing to wor I think some
people justify it by saying that they
had to that there was no other way yeah
and I strongly believe that patience is
the most powerful tool because they're
not disciplined they're kids they
they are not patient if you're willing
to you can always Outlast them always
and like I said I'm not it's not that
I'm not willing to put them in an
unpleasant situation so at our old house
step one of time out was the laundry
room step two was through the door in
the garage and step three was out the
back door outside and I don't care what
the weather is I don't care how late it
is I don't care how tired you are if I
said brush your
teeth you will brush your teeth you will
and then when we're done I say okay did
I say brush your teeth mhm okay did you
brush your teeth yeah could that have
gone a lot faster and a lot more
pleasantly mhm okay well then next time
why don't we do it that way and you've
got to be you've got to be willing to
stand your ground man I remember this
one time in
Ikea man I could hear I could hear
everyone around me like talking about
me uh because my middle my middle child
was crying for over an hour in the food
court because I said she had to take one
more
bite and she didn't want to and I felt
awful because she was over tired I I
knew I knew I knew as soon as we were
getting into it that she was she was
over tired she was overdue for her nap
and it had been kind of a long day and
realistically it was like it was crank
is not cuz she's a bad kid or
whatever but I had already said you have
to take one more
bite so it's it's been stated the word
has been uttered and as soon as they as
soon as they find the gaps um now if I
act over
tired I can get away with XY they're
smart they're too
smart um and
so oh that's that's a big one is when
they finally take the bite huge positive
reinforcement like that's really good
too big snuggles and pick them up and
like whatever right oh and never bribe
that's another one always reward
unexpectedly never okay we can get the
toy if you eat your
meal you will eat the
meal they eat it you go good job
why don't we go get a
treat never treat up front never never
never never yeah I think that's a pretty
good point
yep has there been any funny parenting
Story I mean I thought the one in the
Ikea was pretty funny I thought it was
pretty good it's terrible uh there was
the one time my eldest um who was very
shy um almost made us miss a fery
because we were at the park playing and
as we were leaving um he had borrowed a
toy from another kid like a little truck
or something and I said okay go give the
toy back and thank him for letting you
borrow it and he went and he put the
truck down and he left I said hey I said
you need to thank that boy for Lending
you his toy I remember this I wasn't
there but I remember the story and he
and he cried and cried and cried cuz he
he just had this sort of this
petrification he was he was so shy
sometimes but it doesn't matter you will
be polite and you will be a decent human
being I don't care how shy you are if
somebody does something for you you will
thank them
period and uh that was one of our
biggest battles it was also one of our
last ones um because he was getting to
the age where was kind of getting it it
was he where he where he was getting it
and uh and we made that fery by like 30
seconds I I it was barely and we were at
that Park and my wife's like we are
going to miss this fery like and it was
important for some reason important for
some reason we had to make this FY and I
was like well then you better then you
better get with me on convincing him to
go thank that kid and I think our
compromise was that she got to play good
cop a little bit which you must always
agree on if someone's going to be good
cop and someone's going to be bad cop
you agree you take turns but she was
going to be good cop and she was going
to go with
them she didn't hold his hand all the
way there she didn't talk for him but
she went and she stood behind him which
gave the confidence reinfor someone's
got your back that makes
sense but once we once we say you will
do
it you will do it so now the kids are
just like you say something and they
just do it because they know they will
so I could do it now or there could be
like a big fight and consequences and it
could suck I wonder how this is going to
go in teenage years it's going to be
different yeah we we already see it
right like it's um and and the thing is
you've got to be ready for that your
Authority is not always going to be
absolute we're already having that
conversation with the eldest where we're
going like look you are going to be
making a lot of your own decisions
ongoing here a lot more of your own
decisions over time and so we start to
involve him in them like uh um he had a
bit of a a persistent injury and really
wanted to uh keep doing his badminton
training but we we have some concerns
about developing a chronic injury before
you're even an adult and we're basically
like okay so here's what we're going to
do we're not going to we're not going to
tell you what you're going to do we're
going to outline all the different
possibilities and all the different
options we're going to tell you which
one we think you should do and then you
are going to make a decision so you have
to start going through those processes
with them because otherwise you're not
really equipping them for the future
when they will have to make their own
decisions do you talk about like how you
came up with those options and how you
established the pros and cons and stuff
yeah so we kind of go okay look can stay
uh doing exactly what you're doing um
the the pro is that you know you enjoy
it you're going to improve the con is
that you might not improve at the rate
that you think you're going to because
having an injury can affect your form it
can affect your performance in game it
can affect you mental mentally it
doesn't make people happy to not being
to not be improving right you can go
cold turkey which um I think will be
best for your recovery uh or we also
presented the option of training on an
adjusted schedule on a like at a lower
rate and he ultimately made his own
decision and uh you know that's the next
part is you have to respect it even if
he makes the wrong one because that'll
happen you kind of need to go that
through that too so and you know I you
know realistically guys I I get the
opportunity to talk a lot about you know
the things that go right and I get to
put you know my own my own spin on it
I'm sure there's times that my kids have
been unhappy with the approach and I'm
sure there's ways that everything that
we're doing uh could back fire you know
the strategy that works for one kid does
not necessarily work for another so
don't take all of this as just like oh
yeah L is thinks he's a perfect parent I
don't I make all kinds of mistakes
everyone does be ready for
that own it that's a big one
apologize seriously when you get
something
wrong say
sorry man I felt I felt bad when uh I I
I was tired of reminding the kids on
weekends to brush their teeth in the
morning cuz they do it automatically on
the weekdays but they just get
distracted and forget in the mornings on
weekends and I came up and the girls
hadn't brushed their teeth and I
basically went okay no treats this
weekend at all nothing nothing with
sugar in it period I didn't realize one
of them was going to a birthday party
that day oh but I said it now that I've
said it it is said so she got no cake
she got no treats I felt terrible and I
know this happened because um Ivonne
went to the party with her oh she got
nothing you know what you know how many
times she's Miss brushing her
teeth goose
egg yeah that makes sense but I
apologized I said sorry I wouldn't have
said that if I had realized that you
were going to a birthday party and you
know so you kiss and make up right you
like hey I'm sorry but also when I say
something it's
it might have been Dan not sure all
right uh oh this is the same
one there's a comment at Philippine chat
mind Paradox said my daughter tried
scream shaming me into buying her candy
in Walmart when I said no she threw
herself on the ground and flailed hands
and feet screaming about how I never buy
her anything I'm chaotic neutral
generally so my response was to throw
myself on the ground right next to her
and scream I can't afford to buy you
everything you want while flailing my
hands and feet her 4-year-old self was
up in a lash and and from full on tears
to screaming to Daddy Daddy please are
looking people are
looking that's pretty good very funny I
pulled that once over a
dut what I was probably about eight oh
yeah okay that was the one time I was
spanked oh yeah he i' I it's it's like a
core
memory my my dad
immediately dropped whatever groceries
we had grabbed me by the arm took me to
the the car gave me one good one and
went don't ever do that again I didn't I
remember but I don't agree that that's
the way to do it I'll give reminders
like this is one of my favorites you've
probably seen me do it I think so yeah
that might have looked lighter than that
though I've seen you it's pretty light
like it's not it's not no actual pain is
in so I uh I I was inspired um by
watching like uh like some kind of bird
remind its young about something and so
I was like yeah uh so when they forget
like a please or something like that and
I I don't want to have to verbally
remind them cuz
we I'll just give them a double little
double index finger tap on the
head they're like thank you or you know
or whatever it is I remember these are
these are
not these are not great but um my my
family did spanking it was very common
back then I'm not my parents are great
just to be very clear um but it
was once we hit a certain age it was
very ineffective on my brother and I uh
they were into it we we played a lot of
Combat Sports Combat Sports contact
Sports um so like that type of it's just
it it didn't matter um once the like
hair brushes and spoons started breaking
and we would just laugh um that was like
you know that like the mental damage
being inflicted was significantly
heavier on the other end because they're
like trying to inflict punishment and
you're just laughing amongst it uh H
there was also one point in time where
my brother did this and then I copied
him because I thought it was funny we
ended up doing the thing to be clear we
weren't that bad of people but um my mom
was like trying to get my brother to do
something and he just laid on the ground
and was like make
me cuz he's like huge football player
dude he's like what are you what are you
going to do
H yeah just to taunt them for a second
and they did it anyways cuz he's a good
guy but yeah um oh man it was great um
okay Evelyn hey wandel the curling team
I coach made it to the League bonspiel
what do you all do to manage performance
anxiety after an important win and when
the stakes are high I suck at it I I
actually I haven't competed much in my
life like in competition obviously life
is a competition but uh like at at even
like stupid recreational badminton
tournaments and stuff when it's a big
match even not even at a tournament even
when I'm playing against like the people
who are like realistically too good to
play with me and I like want to do my
best I I I get all I get I get tense man
I I I really struggle with that I have
no advice for
you uh my brother and I both get
adrenaline shakes pretty bad um I find
if I'm doing
I never even knew this was a problem
until I was a bit older because whenever
I was in sports physical
Sports it would take care of itself kind
of I don't know why I I guess the energy
was being physically expunged enough
that I didn't really get the shake so
much but if I was in like I used to play
Counter-Strike at a decent level if I
was in like a Counter-Strike tournament
my hand would
just and it was very frustrating I don't
know how I necessarily figured this out
but eventually I was still able to make
shots while that was happening
just compensate I have no idea sheer
force of will let's go brain figured it
out somehow um but it was a it was a
concern for a while have fun remember
why you curl there's a have fun there's
a bit of a trick where if you breathe in
really deeply through your nose and then
when you've breathed in pretty much as
much as you can pause for a second and
then try to breathe in a little bit more
like then breathe out through your mouth
and it's calming that can that can kind
of pull you down a little bit um I've
done that before that can genuinely help
um so yeah people are giving it a bunch
of different names in full point chat I
don't know I just know it works at least
it works for
me you got used to the pattern of the
shakes yeah maybe I don't know what it
was it was it was annoying recoil
compensation okay so I have to draw a
seven but like
this yeah
uh Chris asks any idea when water
bottles will be back in stock uh
hopefully soon I
um I don't know we
we the store has grown a lot the
business has grown a lot over the years
and we haven't necessarily kept up in
our processes and we've got some
Consultants that started a little while
ago that have a lot of experience in
detail and business management are going
to be kind of helping the team um Taran
brought them in and I'm I'm pretty
excited for some of the differences
they'll be making and I think just sort
of inventory management is one of the
things that we're going to be looking at
how to do better and that doesn't mean
that we suck or we're stupid or anything
like that it just means like you're not
born knowing anything I think and it
takes time I'm pretty excited about
because I think like we have we've
promoted within a lot which is cool
people like that but it does mean that I
mean a lot of people that work here have
uh at a career level of job have only
worked here uh like I would consider
myself only really having worked here
I've had a ton of other jobs but they
weren't really career jobs they were
just jobs um so that means that we don't
have a ton of experience in like how
other companies do things which
sometimes means that we'll run into a
problem and not really necessarily know
what to do which we might actually end
up on the right answer but it takes some
triaging or some trial and error and
hopefully we'll end up there
um whereas sometimes people can just
come in externally and be like oh yeah
I've worked at like five different
companies that are all like Omega big
this is how they do it and it's like oh
okay cool why reinvent a wheel yeah good
sometimes it's worth it often it's not
yep we've invented a lot of wheels that
have been pretty good Wheels but
sometimes there's a better wheel already
y uh Josiah asks hi Mr Tool tips and the
Gang I recently loved the LT video on
the K swap to the Synchro q704 which I
had to look up to remember what it is
it's that one with the one connect power
supply from um
cic super super cool wait no this isn't
the right one oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah this this one yeah exactly this is
the one so it has that like uh power
distribution thing uh from Alex's from
Alex's upgrade anyway the point is uh
they ask uh has he had any issues not
that I know of um also can you do an sff
PC Plus theater setup video honestly if
you have the space for it I wouldn't
recommend doing a small form factor for
a theater because you want it to be as
quiet as possible and small form factors
tend to compromise on cooling so if it
was me I would probably go with as big
of a of a of a media sort of friendly
looking enclosure as I could get away
with in order to have big fans in it
that move a lot of air without spinning
too fast that would be the best advice
that I could give with that said
I definitely am going to do a video
turning our original steam machine
prototype into a home theater PC at some
point we still have it kicking around I
want to build like a rip and fast
compact machine in it so no but yeah and
I think that's it thank you so much for
tuning in we will see you again next
time same bad time same bad Channel wait
don't do it yet for float plane
subscribers oh yeah assuming Dan has it
working I don't know maybe there will be
an party today uh you can join us for um
our uh not traditional what's the
uh what's the what's the word is it not
traditional customary not customary give
me some more give me some more words
traditional customary ritual yes ritual
that works that's the one I want our our
weekly super checks ritual best of what
five I mean really for the people for
the
people
my throat's in like a lot of pain but
maybe I can do seven well you have to
decide ahead of time you can't I know I
hate this well you can't cuz you can't
decide what it's going to be out of
Midway
[Music]
through uh I feel like you can no you
can't not unless you're tied but then
after one game you might not be tied
anymore so people are like best of eight
come on you what no
okay I'm I'm I'm I'm going to have to
let the people decide I guess oh my
goodness okay let's not let the people
decide let's let Luke decide but he'll
decide sometime between now and when we
start yeah how about that all right cool
okay so I guess at least five at least
best of five probably best as seven but
we'll see okay so what do we do now I
don't know how to end the show
anymore I don't know if he wants it to
be he was talking about streaming from
the other computer so we might need to
end the show and then start another one
uhhuh but that's okay cuz we can spam
notifications sending notification of
flow plane yeah so that's fine yeah um
I'm assuming that's what he wants to do
but I don't actually know he hasn't come
back down but I don't know how to end
the show like he doesn't have us end it
anymore there's a thing he does no no
you don't just press that I can probably
go figure that out uh okay well I mean
know you have to be here though oh to
say the thing yeah so like what do we do
I can call Dan okay let's do
that speaking of
rituals what's I haven't heard from him
during the show so I actually have no
idea what his status
is
uh oh already added that fun idea of
Dennis presenting his sponsor spots to
uh their content
calendar okay sounds good yeah we need
you to end the
stream okay
bye we're helpless now Dan we don't know
how to do things for ourselves well
apparently it was good timing he was
coming down anyways cuz I think he's
done oh nice so I think we're good to go
okay sick that's
awesome I did that on purpose perfect
timing on purpose nice he could tell by
the the percussion of the footsteps y
yeah I could tell hopefully that wasn't
too disturbing I could tell by the angry
swearing no longer happening there was a
lot of
that pulling my head out uh head out uh
hair think you mean hairir okay anyway
lot of that okay
bye oh man we need a shirt that just
says
bye
right
[Music]
I love it I love that I hate
it